Finally watched Wolf of Wall Street. Keep hearing a lot about the importance of a strong "company culture," I guess that's what they mean.
I bought an extended warranty with my laptop at Walmart. When the computer broke, they fixed it with no hassle. How about that?
It's pretty hard to convince LinkedIn that you've read one of their messages.
What exactly is judgment? Is it a process that maps sensory input from the world to elements in the ontology of knowledge?
Just watched "The Great Beauty". I love still being up in the morning, just as the world begins the day.
Health insurance is not computable. The deductibles and exceptions are unbounded. One can only pay premiums and hope.
Recently watched "Robot and Frank." I hope I have a robot like that when I get older.
Watched "Memory of the Camps." Footage from when the concentration camps were liberated in WWII. Wow. The power of a primary source.
$10 per day surprise "resort fee" at hotel. Hate to see the shady practices of the rental car industry infecting new hosts.
Had IT tech support tell me that what I observed was impossible, implying that it didn't happen. Hey man #YourTheoryMyDirectExperience
"Unable to find vcvarsall.bat." The most feared phrase of any Python programmer. It means that you must burn your computer and buy another.
I've become increasingly ambivalent toward Malcolm Gladwell's books. I abandoned David and Goliath. I no longer trust his stories.
My son (age 10) spent all day watching a Finding Bigfoot marathon on Animal Planet. He now fears death by Sasquatch. #Summer
We got the new Outlook 2013. It looks cool and modern, but everything is white. It's like trying to read your email in a blizzard.
Watched the 2005 documentary Darwin's Nightmare. Gives an unadorned and powerful look into the lives of people in Africa by Lake Victoria.
Still thinking about The Dog Stars by Peter Heller. Like in math, I love how seeing society in the small helps me understand it in large.
Computer programming: 10:15 am: "Huh, why isn't that working?" 5:44 pm: "Okay, now, what was I doing?"
Recently finished The Dog Stars by Peter Heller. Beautiful book; especially if you are a middle-aged man who enjoys the apocalypse.
Yesterday flew by with nothing to show for it. No significant work products, no epiphanies, no moments of zen. Today is a new day.
Recently watched Dirty Wars last night. Implicitly argues that the only way to fight terrorism is not to fight. I haven't made up my mind about that.
I just uttered the following phrase to myself, without sarcasm, while debugging, "Wow, nice error message." #ItIsTheLittleThings
Had crazy insomnia last night. The kind of insomnia where you run through your whole life in your head.
OH in my house, "If you don't want it, I'll give it to Daddy. Would you rather have queso?" It's like I'm the family dog.
The most persistently annoying error in Latex: ! LaTeX Error: There's no line here to end.
That slow realization when you begin to see that a task that you thought would take an hour will take a month. #CannotGetThereFromHere
I just got a solicitation from a consulting firm that claims "over 400 years of experience." I wonder if Isaac Newton worked there.
Dreamed I was teaching an AI class, and I didn't have a final ready on exam day. The only one I had covered 1970s art.
Is it me, or does every movie at IMDB have a rating of 8.1?
The Python interpreter just told me, "Expected string, got 3957." Okay, fair enough.
Remember call waiting? People used to talk on the phone so much that they would sometimes get a call while they were on a call. Amazing.
Watched Captain Phillips recently. I loved the scene at the end where Tom Hanks was in shock. Great acting.
Watched Gravity recently. Sandra Bullock's life was on the line as she controlled a big machine at high speed, encouraged by an old pro.
Got a magazine in the mail called "Austin Elegant Living." I wonder if I'm living elegantly. I'll ask my wife.
Watched the underrated Elysium the other day. Thought it was one of the best social commentaries I've seen in a long time. And he was Jesus!
I created my Hotmail folders back in 1997. I have one labeled "e-commerce". It's like you can buy stuff, but you don't go to the store.
We seem to be running low on gummy bears.
Overheard wife speaking to child, "Put that gun away! Why? Because it's a gun!" We don't own any real guns, so I hope it's a toy.
Sometimes I wish you could just cite Wikipedia and be done with it.
The speedometer on my wife's Honda goes up to 140. That's pretty ambitious for a minivan.
Recently attended a wedding where the priest sounded exactly like Christopher Walken.
I unsplit infinitives only to satisfy the grammar checker. But Stephen King says the road to hell is paved with adverbs, so I'll just delete
Oh, a telephone call from "Private Caller." I'll be sure and answer that.
Cats don't like alarm clocks. Me either.
Watched American Hustle recently. I still want to hear the end of the ice fishing story.
I was trying to take a picture of the family robot for a blog post, but he wouldn't sit still.
Writing a blog post. Always a struggle to determine how much time I should spend refining it. Good work takes time, but life awaits.
Just cut my finger open trying to open a package of batteries. Amazing that this packaging madness hasn't triggered more lawsuits.
Finished Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut yesterday. One of those books where you know if you will like it after 1 page. I loved it.
I'm want to write down my earliest childhood memories, but the act of writing them down will change them. Memories are not socks in drawers.
Did you know that there are still Diners Club cards?
First breakfast was bad, so I bought another. Also bad. I ate both. #AirportFood
Stopped by Walmart on my way home and bought some almonds. When I got home and opened them, I saw that they were half eaten. #disgusting
Once again, I am collateral damage in TSA's war on sunscreen. #GettingExpensive
Cats don't dance.
Remember blankets on airplanes?
Are these green beans a weird shade of green? Or am I just looking for an excuse to eat processed food?
A picture may normally be worth a thousand words, but pictures on hotel websites somehow convey no information.
I'm really glad that Costco sends me a magazine every month.
Watched the Cosmos episode about how Clair Patterson fought to remove lead from gasoline. Told my kids "That's what a real hero looks like."
I either eat no candy or all of the candy. There is no middle ground. Yoda would be proud.
Recently watched "Transcendence." Appears that Johnny Depp assumed that scientists are soulless automatons, so that's how he played it.
The sun burns time.
As coach, I announced that soccer practice was optional this week. My son (age 7): "Then I'm not going!" Me: "It's not optional for you."
It's funny how the internet is suddenly fascinated with goats.
"If you retire at age 65 in the year 2038, your projected account value will be $3,012.10 and your projected monthly income will be $19.52."
So quiet outside. Zipper of my coat was loud; camping memories. #Haiku #MyFirstOne
You try to draw a horizontal line in PowerPoint. The software says, "You know, I bet he wants a fuzzy rasterized one with a 2 degree slope."
My wife and I are looking at new refrigerators. I can't find any in harvest gold. Has the world gone mad?
ISBN numbers are such a scam. I could buy a lot of tacos for $99. The book industry should move to GUIDs like civilized people.
Cats don't think it's funny when you sneak up on them. No sense of humor.
I wish the medical research establishment would decide whether I can put whole milk in my oatmeal.
Just spent close to $100 at Whole Foods, and they asked me if I wanted a receipt. Hate those things, but this wasn't a pack of gum.
Discussions about business outside of the office sound so . . . vulgar.
I love how, no matter where I am, my laptop sticks with Central Standard Time. "It's 7:14 AM. I don't care what that iPhone says."
I make my own fun.
Those two raw tomatoes didn't really settle my stomach like I hoped they would.
Recently watched "Safety Not Guaranteed." It seemed a tad overrated, but I would love to live in that town.
¿Qué es poesía?, dices mientras clavas en mi pupila tu pupila azul. ¿Qué es poesía? ¿Y tú me lo preguntas? Poesía... eres tú.
I still find it unnerving to deposit checks via my smartphone. You end up with this check, just sitting there in the drawer.
It's weird that cigarette butts aren't considered litter. People just throw them wherever.
Setting up a new printer, it asked me to enter in the date. As I typed "2014", I felt like I was setting up time travel to some future time.
Just successfully ran some R code I wrote 10 years ago. No bit rot!
Laundry at our house is done using a LIFO inventory system. The weather is now warm, but last summer's shorts are still unwashed.
Inexplicably, this seat has no lower-back support. I assume that American Airlines is trying to better me by building my character.
I used to prefer legacy airlines over Southwest because I liked to pick my seat online. But you can't do that anymore, unless you pay up.
I used to see online shopping as a lower-fidelity experience than going to the store but now it's the opposite. How can you buy w/o reviews?
Could hashtags be punctuation? They often serve the same purpose, only they are more expressive.  Example: “I love long meetings #sarcasm”
When talking with kids, monsters are no joking matter.
In movies, bad guys are always ugly, or scientists.
According to the psychologist Allison Gopnic, children are more conscious than adults. I suspect that’s why time speeds up as you get older.
It’s funny. Google turn-by-turn directions work a lot better in California than they do in, say, Washington DC.
As a kid, I wanted to grow up to be Grizzly Adams. Now I'm just like him, except I have a cat instead of a bear, and I live in the suburbs.
Buying in bulk seems like a good idea until you realize that it causes you to eat in bulk. HT @MarshaSowell
That's one neat thing about the Internet; you get to see so many rare kinds of animal interactions, where before you could only hear stories
Recently watched The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Wow.
It should be cheaper to run a VM in the cloud for a year than to buy a new computer, but it’s not.
The state quiz says that I should be living in Vermont. I've never been there; they tell me it's nice.
Went for a walk last night to zen out. The moon was bright; there was a breeze, and the water sparkled on the pond.
When it did become the year 2014? It's like we're living in a science fiction novel.
My kids think I’m from another century. Actually, I guess I am.
I wondered why more people didn't have monkeys as pets until I did a Google search on the subject. #Dangerous #Messy
We are now making the mistakes that we will look back on in the next stage of our lives.
I have this weird thing where I have to open junk mail to make sure it isn't real mail, but I'm trying to mellow as I age.
Some people say that I'm obnoxious and lazy---that I'm uneducated and my opinion means nothing. But I know I'm a real good dancer.
I thought my son, age 7, just said, "Who wants a Martini?" But it turns out he was talking about some kind of Lego thing instead.
Watched The Place Beyond the Pines. Ryan Gosling opens the movie at a carnival. Reminded me of The Notebook. Ended differently though.
Someday, somebody is going to capture amazing video that challenges everything we know. And no one will believe it.
I hate that the past tense of "read" is "read."
I hate that paper in notebooks always has lines on it. I don't need your rules. I'm not part of your system, man.
Awoke this morning from a nightmare that I was back in high school, and my parents had moved us to a house without Internet.
Group information sessions are brutal. So many questions. "What if there's a solar storm and the electricity goes out?"
Have you ever followed someone just so they would stop showing up in the "Who to follow" box?
It’s funny how we are all scared to use "me" in formal writing. I'm happy to say things like, "they gave the bazooka to Jimbob and me."
I hate when I want to have a glass of wine and watch a movie, but the movie is all serious, and I shouldn't be so flippant with my Cabernet.
I spent all night dreaming that it was 1997, and I was back in Mexico.
Google Docs really needs a "paste special." Or it should default the paste to be without formatting.
Have I gotten older, or has written text gotten smaller?
A robot that could worry for you? That would be the best robot ever.
It surprises me how, decades later, we still can’t agree on how bad Chernobyl was.
My local YMCA provides free coffee. They do not, however, provide cups. This must be how cats feel about laser pointers.
It's amazing that public funding agencies allow the papers resulting from their funding to be hidden behind a paywall.
It would be useful if you could tell your iPhone, "Yes, I've seen that call. Now, kindly put your red dot away."
It always feels like we have the perfect design style. Houses and clothes look great. But not in 10 years. Why can’t we just jump ahead?
Bought a bottle of wine at Whole Foods for $2.99. After trying it, I can confirm that it was appropriately priced.
I wish I could fully trust documentary filmmakers. You can’t expect people to spend a year on something and report back that it's all OK.
"You think I don't see you when you crouch down? I see you." Me, talking to a cat.
Recently watched Life of Pi. Pretty good. In this movie, Wilson was a tiger.
Minecraft should really move to an App Store model. The mod ecosystem is a mess.
My grandfather used to get lost in my suburbs because he said everything looked the same. It was funny, I felt the same way about his woods.
You know what we need? More televised reward shows.
I always think of drinking wine as performing a linear transformation on my experience.
Articulating the problems with your writing is the first, and hardest, step to fixing them.
Got hit by the credit card hack. Luckily, they determined it was unlikely my wife would be in Texas and China at the same time.
Defensive writing: When you write to get your point across but also to avoid people dismissing your work because you didn't mention x.
It’s funny how reassurances can have the opposite effect. It is unlikely your house will catch fire.
We have free will; we can do anything we want. Unfortunately, we can’t choose or control what we want. #Schopenhauer
If you want to move to Austin, let me know. We are hiring scientists, managers, data analysts, QA, tanners, blacksmiths, fishmongers ...
My son, age 10, always looks at me over his glasses like he’s a middle-aged man who is disappointed with my last comment.
What’s next after the mid-life crisis? The 3/4 life existential crisis? Why are we here? What is the point of all this?
Amazing how a good story makes you wish you were there to experience it. That must be how movies make times and places cool by association.
We always make changes, so we periodically refactor computer code to keep it simple and clean. Wish we could do that with the legal system.
Had a terrible dream that my children died and went to hell. But it ended well because I was able to go to the underworld and retrieve them.
The neighbor's dogs are audibly bonding with their kin, the passing ambulances.
Drove home with salt for the water softener in the front seat, and the car kept hassling me to put its seat belt on. #CarsAreStupid
Finally read Society of Mind by my intellectual grandfather Marvin Minsky (I've never met him.) Wish I could give that book to my 1986 self.
You know, I haven't seen the Twitter Fail Whale in a while. Funny how you can't appreciate a lack of annoyance.
Slow is smooth, and smooth is fast. I'm reading The Disaster Diaries by Sam Sheridan. I do enjoy a good apocalypse. http://t.co/m78h3fqbAv
My mom bought us kids one box of popsicles a month. Every popsicle my sister ate was one that I didn't get. #EatFast #TragedyOfTheCommons
I remember not paying attention in class in high school because I was trying to memorize a pizza topping chart for a promised 10 cent raise.
Funny how we feel pride when our professional sports team wins a championship. It's not like the players are from our town.
Watched The Act of Killing. Documentary about murders of 500,000 Indonesian communists in 1965-1966. Also shows real-time current corruption
I can attest that the derisive term "weekend warrior" is real. I don't usually recover from my Sunday soccer game until Wednesday. #OldMan
You can't have multiple thoughts at once, they interleave like operating system interrupts. But some thoughts are like a fire alarm.
I tell my kids, "How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?" Gonna trip them out when they finally hear that song in college.
My limited brain doesn't like novels where you have to keep track of a bunch of proper names. Generations of people, races of space alien
Been traveling, which means I've been exposed to CNN. I had no idea the world was going to hell in a handbasket. Why didn't you tell me?
In a single day, one container ship can pollute as much as half a million trucks." Wow, can that be right? http://t.co/OAd4gTISNr
People don't realize how dangerous it is to have this out, where it could be confused with its life-saving cousin. http://t.co/ttNywEGTkG
In a hotel with mirrors on all sides. My friends are right, I do look like Lionel Messi. I always thought it was more Cristiano Ronaldo.
To stay fit, they say you should eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper. I start off well most days.
"Just" is an under-appreciated four-letter word. "So your system is just a way to ..."
My kids get sick after their birthday parties. All of the positive stress must get to them, and Check E. Cheese probably doesn't help either
Hotels should give guests a sign that says, "Do not disturb, but please bring more coffee."
Recently some watched TV from the 1980s. I didn't remember the scenes, situations, or set backgrounds, but did I remember the faces.
Someday soon, it will be perfectly reasonable to ask an adult if he or she can read cursive.
I sneezed about an hour ago, and my back still hurts. #MiddleAge 
I wish that when you were on hold they would just play music instead of jabbering at you periodically with recorded noise pollution.
"What is X, and why is it eating my CPU?" Has to be one of the most common search queries.
Apathetic about x, y, and z. Opinions are yours; RTs are pledges of mortal loyalty. Life coach, maven, and keynote speaker. #NewTwitterBio
Crazy how every video application feels compelled to get my permission when it goes full screen. Did I not just hit the fullscreen button?
Words are discrete, so they can only be an approximation for what you mean, like reporting the temperature in increments of 10 degrees.
When someone bothers to complain, it's an opportunity for the company---not a cost to be minimized. Companies should take advantage.
It baffles me how in the year 2016 we still don't have decent video conferencing.
I feel like I am forgetting something. But I always feel that way, so that feeling isn't so helpful.
The phrase "new information" is redundant, is it not? Once you know something, it's no longer information, it's knowledge.
We have a culture of tipping for things such as valet parking, and we have a culture of not carrying cash. Something's got to give.
It's funny when you arrive at an unfamiliar place how, by following some mysterious gradient, you arrive at the tourist attractions.
A real hotel key and an open window. That's what I'm talking about. http://t.co/BOmap2eFN7
I lose the airplane battle for armrest supremacy because I dislike touching strangers more than they dislike touching me. #IntrovertProblems
Uh, what? Throwing things away is now beyond my complexity horizon. http://t.co/vCojHrTgyW
I once paid a guy $75 to come out and fix my garage door opener. He pushed a little red button on the back of it. #StoriesBeforeTheInternet
I read the news like everybody else, but think about how rare it is that anything in the news directly affects your daily life. Weird.
I created a list of resources, many of them free, for parents and educators. Check it out! http://t.co/y6YGhTmlNt
Okay, I think I get it. If your DNA is a giant program to make you, each gene is a subroutine in that program.
Weird when a coworker leaves. Not a friend, so you don't keep in touch, but the person was in your life every day. Then, suddenly, not.
Watched the Chinese film Aftershock last night. Wow. What a punch in the gut.
I love how after you finish a long, good book, you miss it like an old friend.
Interesting how many of my impressions of the world come from movies. I wasn't in WWII, but I still have pictures of it in my mind.
Couldn't figure out how to put gas in the rental car.  The return attendant did not bother to hide his amusement. http://t.co/XYkW5TEK95
Mugger with a gun: "I'm going to have to rob you lady." My mom: "Why?" Turns out the guy was hungry, so my mom took him to lunch.
Smoke alarm at the hotel kept chirping. Guy couldn't fix it, and I told him to take it away because I'm "impervious to fire."
Introduce your kids to graph theory. Explain that nodes are people and links are friendships. Fun to move it.  http://t.co/vMGxERbHJy
Turned off emergency alerts on my phone. Got tired of being "alerted" that it might rain. #BoyWhoCriedWolf
I'm at the apex of a coffee high. Anything is possible.
I once had a job in Texas where I walked to work. People used to stop and ask if my car had broke down and if I needed a ride. #NotKidding
I see it as a sign that I have matured intellectually that I now look at the low-level details to understand the high-level picture.
Configuration files are domain-specific languages. Okay, I think I finally got it.
Watched Wadjda last night. Loved the realism. Always instructive to spend time in someone else's shoes through movies or books.
Summer of 1983. Played wiffle ball. Came to bat and favorite song on the radio "What a Feeling" from Flashdance. Felt invincible. Struck out
Cognitive humility is crucial for adapting to a world that is constantly changing. The Curiosity Cycle http://t.co/oAZxZtHCuW
Jungian archetypes are the basis vectors of human experience.
A coworker wrote: "I admire your courage to constantly integrate other's opinions and make them even better." Makes me very happy.
The best is when someone sees in you what you really like about yourself.
I hate it when menu options are grayed out for unknown reasons. "Uh, ... open sesame?"
Intimate documentary on the Islamic State. My wife walked by and said "Wow, you *really* don't know how to have fun" https://t.co/T9ObMnx056
My $80 printer has no business asking for a software update.
You can email someone and get the official answer, or you can talk to them in person and get the real answer.
I don't watch a lot of TV (I prefer cat videos), but you often hear about how much TV has declined recently. I don't know. Remember Alf?
In second grade, my mom said the kids wouldn't notice if I wore an Underoos pajama shirt to school. They noticed.
Funny when you're listening to a song for the nth time, and something clicks, and suddenly you like it. It's like your brain re-encodes it.
My mom sowed a little IZOD alligator on one of my shirts in seventh grade. The quality of that shirt increased significantly.
Before the internet, you didn't always know if it was going to rain. The removal of small ignorances makes life a different experience.
People don't poison each other any more. Funny what goes in and out of fashion.
Sometimes I hate choices---they're just opportunities for regret.
Asked my friend in San Diego how far it was to Hawaii. He said it was 5 days. Forgot he was in the Navy.
I feel like I spend half my day trying to make little red notification icons go away. We live in a Skinner box.
Love this story. Someone told the reticent Calvin Coolidge about their bet to make him say more than two words. His response, "You lose."
I imagine that Frozen 2 will focus on the realities of a relationship between a princess and a hermit. #DoesNotEndWell
I first used a mouse on Windows 3.1. Weird clicking a text box to make it active, and the mouse pointer, just sitting there, was distracting
I'm only exposed to CNN when I travel. They are always engrossed in one thing, and it's real important.
"Frightened cats prefer a little alcohol in their milk." -- Science
"Now all them things that seemed so important, well mister they vanished right into the air." Beautiful. Bruce Springsteen, The River.
A lot of people like sunny beaches. I'm more of a sit on the grass under a tree on a cool day kind of guy. http://t.co/1cgfcSw3yR
This is pretty funny. http://t.co/TOxgsH13rT
5:28 am, and the pizza is ready. #america http://t.co/tQeQqdXjFX
When kids play tag, they spend an inordinate amount of time determining who is "it."
Do I want to save changes? I didn't make any changes. Quit scaring me, Microsoft.
I've made it to the climax of The Count of Monte Cristo. The book is so long, the climax lasts about seven hours.
I wanted a fun movie to relax after a long day at work. Got "Under the Skin." Couldn't have made worse choice. Different day, perhaps.
It has been fun to watch the evolution of internet browsers from static content into limitless books with living pages.
My life has transformed from physical action to sitting in front of a computer all day. Interestingly, my nightly dreams are still action.
Check out my post on uploading your personality to the cloud to make a digital clone https://t.co/HQgIAjbDOs
Do roboticists play this game as engineers, trying to fix bugs? http://t.co/ejTAaf3iaw
My milk tastes like fish again. I think they are taking this omega-3 thing a little far.
I wrote a post about my web app that allows you to upload your personality to the cloud as a Twitter cyborg! https://t.co/qbuMFOtYap
Love this exchange from The Last King of Scotland. Idi: "You should have told me." Nicholas: "I did!" Idi: "But you did not persuade me."
You can't seem to fall asleep unless you don't care if you do.
I'm uncomfortable with the phrase "guilty pleasure," like you have to apologize for not being productive.
Pop culture extols those who ignore advice, but anyone giving you counsel went out on a limb. You can't see yourself. #IncompletenessTheorem
I'm out in nature and a personal airplane buzzes over. One person can disturb the peace for miles, and everyone seems to think that is okay.
Me: "I remember clocking in and out with a real punch card. Ca-Thunk!" 20-something co-worker: "I think I've seen that in movies."
Dreamed it was my first day of junior high. I impressed the teacher with detailed questions about comma usage, but I forgot to wear a shirt.
I need something to fill that little hole in my soul. I bet some food will do the trick.
One place Klout went wrong was in their perks. Perks had so much potential, but they weren't perks, only advertisements.
I think I'd watch TV more if I could ever find the remote.
Why do I bother saving when one medical event could wipe me out? $117,000 for a few hours work. Incomprehensible. http://t.co/p4JHsvHmTd
Everyone posts the best of their lives to social media, and comparison makes us sad. I got attacked by fire ants yesterday. You're welcome
The line between creativity and statistical analysis blurs the harder you look at it." http://t.co/alCtov6Sei
Boredom once compelled us to experience our environment, but boredom became extinct with the emergence of the smartphone.
I remember when the remote control was a convenient way to change the channel. Now its required for the entertainment-industrial complex.
Remember back when you had to cut food with a knife and a fork? Have you been to Chili's recently?
My cats employ meow extortion. They just keep making noise until I can't take it anymore and feed them.
My hobby is using outdated English in work emails. "I have endeavored to attach my TPS report hither. Your faithful servant, Jonathan"
I love being the only one home. But I don't like to live alone, that makes me lonely.
Dreamed I had too much fun at a wedding, was arrested by Obama executive order, was held at the grocery store where I worked in high school.
"HR Sends Out Reminder Email About Not Scrawling 'Revenge' In Blood In Conference Room." HT http://t.co/KfHPiDn3BL
I used to think those estimates of how much it costs to raise a child, $250,000, were ridiculously high. Now, I know better.
I tend to zone out, so I'd be a terrible lifeguard. I'm also not a strong swimmer.
The artificial world is becoming more interactive and beautiful. Examples from app design: http://t.co/e8FTpN5Olk
The clouds kept talking like they were going to rain. I guess they changed their mind.
My 20-something coworker thinks it's hilarious that I still use paper.
Finally watched "Her." Best movie I've seen in a long time, and one of the truest movies about relationships I've ever seen.
The term "free gift" is pretty funny. Not only is it redundant, but it usually means that the gift isn't worth the price.
When my daughter was 4, she and I had an argument about what number comes after 13. She made a strong case for 16.
Watch with your kids: The history of our world in 18 minutes. Life came from a sequence of local disturbances. https://t.co/U7wK0G1mJn
Recorded history is such a small part of the history of humanity. Amazing to think of all that has been lost. All the stories that are gone.
I bet your qualia (what it feels like to be you) are in your DNA. That means you feel similar to how your relatives do.
Nothing like working hard for three hours and having the result be no better than what you had before. Dangit.
It's a shame that my moments of clarity only last a moment.
In a car mechanic's voice: "Ah, look, here's your problem, you're missing a cerebellum." http://t.co/Vm3RNbsmDv
Who are all these people on social media who need inspiration and passion? Have they not heard of coffee?
The 1980s will be remembered primarily for its innovations in snack food technology  Fruit roll ups, 78 varieties of granola bars, ...
Some meetings are so boring that you find yourself reevaluating your entire life leading up to that point.
As technology makes us better at identifying and solving crimes, we need to change the laws so that fewer things are criminalized.
When life gets tough or boring, I find that Zen provides a satisfying state of consciousness. Like bringing your own snack on an airplane.
When Siri came out, I was excited not for what it could do, but what it would be able to do once it was improved. But it hasn't improved.
In America, always the humming sound of the machines. Refrigerator, A/C ... If we turned them off, would the environment feel dead or alive?
When my son was 7. Me: "Are you going to go berserk if I eat the last piece of pizza?" My son: "I might." #KnowThyself
We all know the story of the boy who cried wolf. Why can't we reflect that lesson in our software and society?
Time travel backward can't be possible. My time is in my cells. Know what I mean?
"In British-ruled, cobra-infested India, a bounty was offered for cobra-skins, so"... "folks started breeding cobras" http://t.co/3CgOJ5gYRn
In data science, outliers are either thrown out because they are weird, or they are closely examined because they are interesting.
I wish people who made regulations would realize that complexity is the devil.
Been reading The Count of Monte Cristo for so long that I partly feel like I live in the 19th century. Remarkable what literature can do.
We don't learn by having a structure transferred from the teacher's mind to ours. We create a structure and check it against the info given.
Dreamed scientists used pollution on leaves to determine what kind of car drove by. Weird that my sleeping brain can come up with new ideas.
Frustrating to open a doc and see that your last changes weren't saved. "Saving" docs was silly all along, glad to see it going away.
My biggest fear with technology is the breakdown of the labor market. If robots make everything, who will be able to buy what they produce?
I created a web app that allows you to upload your personality into a Twitter cyborg. Anyone want to be beta tester? http://t.co/OO6zjk1zo3
Life moves toward video games with augmented reality, and video games move toward life with better graphics and virtual reality.
We have limited worrying capacity. If something is not your biggest problem, it's not a problem at all.
I took astronomy in high school. Unfortunately, all we did was study constellations. #UnclearOnTheConcept
I play games with my kids. I'm not saying they make up the rules as they go, but the rules do seem to have a suspicious number of exceptions
With JavaScript, each web page becomes like a little robot that reacts to its environment. Your browser downloads a dynamical system.
People like to hate on the overuse of semicolons, but semicolons are a good substitute for the comma splice, which is also unfairly maligned
It doesn't matter what you get. All that matters is the comparison between what you got and what you thought you were going to get.
W. Mark Richardson: "As the island of knowledge grows, the surface that makes contact with the mystery expands."
When was the last time you were able to be outside for five minutes and not hear any human-made sounds?
I don't know why, but food tastes better when you eat it with your hands.
Remember that movie Groundhog Day? Getting older is like that, except there are 365 of them in sequence.
I used to wonder how a bookish person like me would fare in a zombie crisis with guns, then I saw World War Z.
There should be more essay questions on math tests and fewer questions where students have to solve for x.
I used to make roads with computer punch cards from my Dad's work when I was a kid. #BackInMyDay
You hear lots of talk about the need for robots to have ethics. Ethics are a cinch compared to getting robots to understand what is going on
Cats like it when you meditate. They seem to recognize that you've become one of them.
I wish that pop-up windows had three options. In addition to "Yes" and "No", there should be a third button that says, "Bug Off."
Watched "12 Years a Slave." We all believe that we'd be the exception in an evil culture, but that's probably a lack of imagination.
With drones, people talk about safety and privacy. But what about that annoying buzzing sound? Quality of life always gets the shaft.
Weird how we have a finite number of early memories. Like a set of pictures in a shoe box.
Stories propel us to learn new things just like sports propel us to exercise.
Everything will be perfect as soon as I can get this rock all the way up the hill.
Reading Count of Monte Cristo. The knowledge they had, how to sail, but also how to skin a goat. Do people now have more knowledge or less?
Good stories are self-contained, but self-contained stories are lies.
You can't have intelligence without abstraction because you can't think faster than the world evolves.
Our breakroom overlooks the outside smoking area. I can judge people for their addiction multiple times a day while I'm refilling my coffee.
Password must contain at least one char from each of the following:  upper case, lower case, numbers, and (- . ! # $ & / ( ) * + , : ; ? @ _
Silverware with heavy handles make an extra effort to seek out the floor.
Recently declared "todo list bankruptcy." Started a fresh list. I couldn't cross things off my old list, but I couldn't do them either.
I'm starting to doubt whether fortune cookie companies really know my future.
I'm finally reading The Count of Monte Cristo. Interesting to see how much it inspired one of my favorite movies, The Shawshank Redemption.
Everything designed by the human mind is improvable." HT @philshapiro http://t.co/I1QXVq2dZ7
When our kids get up in the middle of the night, we punish them with parental attention and a midnight snack.
I've always thought of neural networks as neurons, but I realize now that it's better to think of them as matrices. One matrix per layer.
Wife hands me heavy bag to give to kid's teacher. Take kid to class. Get back to car. Realize I'm still holding heavy bag. #HumanFolly
It feels good to cut excess words from your writing. It's like finding free money.
History is just an agreed upon set of stories. We only know a small sliver of what happened, and even that is distorted by human desires.
Facebook bugs me to post to my Curiosity Cycle FB page. My last post was shown to 2% of my followers #WhyBother http://t.co/wKZ5mbef7R
Great video about the future of work. Change comes not from new tech, but from ten-year-old tech that is now cheap https://t.co/u0riRrayX5
In the 1980s, it was common for families to torture children by making liver for dinner. What happens to all of those cow livers these days?
My iPhone tells me that my wife and kids are at Walmart, but it doesn't tell me why.
Creating a user interface for a web app is surprisingly similar to writing a book. You have to guess what the reader (user) expects next.
For your nightmares, this is one cool, creepy baby. HT @aratiatia808 http://t.co/kam0ue0U0b
The gold standard for how one should pass a Saturday evening. Mel McDaniel - Louisiana Saturday Night https://t.co/Ij6aslIbl3
Family watched Jumanji. Pretty good. A movie made in 1995 that takes place in 1969 about a game made in 1869, watched by us in 2016.
Moved my app from a cheap 2006 Dell laptop to the cloud, and suddenly I'm resource constrained. #PayByTheBit
Interesting how time slows down when you travel. I can't believe I was just at this airport yesterday.
I should make a movie where every scene has the BEEP BEEP BEEP of trucks backing up, to raise awareness for noise pollution #NotABlockbuster
Walking in a fancy neighborhood, and a resident eyed me suspiciously. I wanted to say, "Don't be alarmed ma'am, I'm a computer scientist."
Nothing's better than when you're crazy hungry, and you finally get that Indian takeout back to your hotel room.
I would estimate that over a third of our economy now consists of making promotional videos for Kickstarter campaigns.
It would be nice if we could abandon all of this inane talk about celebrities and go back to gossiping about people that we actually know.
Amazing how worthless I would be if you sent me back in time 10,000 years. I could describe amazing technology but couldn't build any of it.
I can't believe we still have pennies. They aren't even worth picking up off the ground.
Sometimes you wake and wish the adventure dream you were having didn't have to end. I want video games with that much excitement and realism
I've found that being a fair-weather sports fan is a real time saver.
When my son was age 7 and playing "restaurant," and the first thing he did was set up security cameras. #ModernWorld
I don't know why, but refactoring code is a lot of fun. #OddlySatisfying
Happiness is working on your projects.
I can't tell if cats really enjoy the laser pointer, or if they find it profoundly frustrating.
Fourth-Grade Teacher Polishing Up Speech On This Not Being Third Grade Anymore via @TheOnion http://t.co/XRu9t5jMtL
Remember when you could burn information? Dump out the files and set them on fire? Now, everything's backed up in 20 databases.
Multiple background voices can be soothing for concentration, but trying to ignore a single conversation is a hell that hath no comparison.
I estimate that my youngest son has spent 20% of his waking life looking for misplaced objects.
As a computer scientist, DNA troubles me. I want it to be the source code for a person, but it's not that simple.
My son was frustrated that he couldn't open a package of scissors. I told him to get some scissors. He was not amused.
I like that term "robot smog" by Illah Nourbakhsh. I love the idea of flying robots, but I dread the possibility of more noise pollution.
I love the sound of rain.
No? I thought you were the king of all things old?"   --My 25-year-old co-worker asking me if I'd ever heard of a card game named Magic.
Depositing checks has really changed in my lifetime. 1. Goto bank. 2. Goto ATM w/ form & envelope. 3. Goto ATM put them in. 4. Take picture.
The term "happily married" probably needs to be retired ... Oh, you're HAPPILY married; why didn't you say so?
I love crazy expressions. "There's more than one way to skin a cat." Why on earth would you want to do that?
I wonder what the brain's equivalent of a log file is.
Sugar is the enemy. Sugar gives me life. #Productivity
You wake up to some dreams that feel so real. It feels like you should be able to talk to the other people in them about the experience.
Learning takes bravery. You have to be willing to ask a lot of stupid questions.
That's what we need, four pounds of fruit. USA! https://t.co/JJFSZ8WCuA
Remember back in the 1980s when Domino's Pizza was really good? I still remember the disappointment in 1992 when I tasted the change.
I liked the decision on how they ended the movie Ex Machina. 
Remember back when you used to memorize phone numbers?
Watched The Grey. Leaving the airplane was stupid, wolves or no wolves. But who is going to watch a bunch of guys sitting around?
Outlook is unable to comprehend that I open email on another device. Keeps saying "You have mail! Also, you're 23 hours late for a meeting."
My oil change place runs Ubuntu. On an unrelated note, they use a dot matrix printer. Also, they only take cash for inspections.
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans http://t.co/1EOdJzpVS9
My son, age 8, gets a haircut. A couple days later, my wife says, "I love your haircut; do you like it?" My son, "I've never seen it."
I don't understand the popularity of diesel pickup trucks. Why would you want everything in your wake to smell like a bus terminal?
My favorite proverb used to be "No good deed goes unpunished." Now that I'm older, my favorite is "Not my circus, not my monkeys."
Every time I need to manipulate an image, my mind plays the dialog: "Bring out the Gimp." "But the Gimp's sleeping."
I don't seem to get sick as much as other people. Must be all that dirt I ate as a kid.
Imagine if RR crossings were invented today. We plan to drive through your town at all hours, blowing a horn that can be heard for miles.
Epson printer says "It is almost time to replace ink cartridge(s)." Of course it is.
Instead of viewing customer service as a cost, companies should treat it as an investment in information gathering.
Interesting. When cars drive themselves, we won't need any parking lots. What are we going to do with the space? http://t.co/ekuQxZPlko
"To control other humans, it's often more effective to appeal to their sense of morality and social identity than to their self-interest."
"Our duty is to our shareholders and to maximize the value." I'm a capitalist, but something is wrong with healthcare http://t.co/lRnKTSy8nX
Five minutes ago, I said that I would only have one peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but that man was ignorant.
I love how Steven Pinker can take a nebulous truth and break it down into its underlying factors.
Finished reading The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined by Steven Pinker. Great book.
When I was young, I would show up early to everything because I was bored. But I didn't have the Internet back then.
Watched Sleeping Beauty (1959) with my daughter. Forget my laptop, I'm going to the office with the sword of truth and the shield of virtue.
Is it me, or are there suddenly more rabbits around than there used to be?
Love when you unsubscribe from an email list and you get a message saying "will take 7 to 10 days to process." Is there a guy with a pencil?
Dreamed I was back in college. It was one of those long weekends full new people and old friends that unfolds of its own will.
The Internet created an event horizon in time. Anyone I lost before 1996 is gone forever, but new acquaintances will be always accessible.
Neat two-minute movie about the possibilities of interacting using augmented reality. http://t.co/9tR1uCDRgU
Some companies treat customer service like a war of attrition. They just keep asking you dumb questions until you give up.
I love running experiments in AI. When they come out good, it's Christmas morning; and when they come out bad, it's a murder mystery.
Self-deception is powerful. If you don't at least sometimes feel like you're a bad person, you probably are.
Remember that sad Bruce Springsteen song "The River"? He got a union card. Union wages. Those were the good ol' days.
"We work next to it, snuggling with it every day." NYT video about robots in China. http://t.co/lEHZlioPCu
The weekend warrior puts on his face paint for battle. http://t.co/B78ugd4tJF
I imagine that being consumed by fire would be painful, but smoke alarms with their random chirping really annoy me. It's probably a wash.
Seems that 90% of technical writing is defining your terms. I get stuck describing interactions w/o first defining the things that interact.
Me: "I'm a pretty good singer of the Frozen songs." My daughter, age 4: "You don't hear yourself."
I see something red means "I have a neural pattern of activity that is normally only caused by red things." --Hinton.
I assume you know that car keys should now be kept in the freezer. The world has gone mad. http://t.co/ZyVy1nwtpP
Got a spam email that just said "Please contact me for a transaction." Evidently, you don't want to be too specific in life.
Counter-intuitive findings in social science are good, but I bet most of those conclusions are false. Lots of ways to get a p value of 0.05.
I couldn't tell if the apocalypse was here or if that was the trash truck outside.
I'm all kinds of excited about my new home office chair. #MiddleAge
Pretty good summary of the impact of machine intelligence on the employment landscape. http://t.co/0a9raxIhMG
Remember using index cards in school to take notes on sources for reports? I've started doing that again at work, but for mathematical ideas
Facebook just reminded me that I have an event coming up in 2 hours for "Project Beautiful." Didn't know I was affiliated with such a thing.
My son was in the Math Pentathlon. I love wearing my "Mathlete" shirt around town; it keeps the bullies from messing with me.
It sure looks like an exit. http://t.co/SaePYzpkZs
"On the gate; riders ready; watch the lights!" Got my old BMX bike fixed up for my son. I used to spend every dime I had on parts for it.
"Who remembers 'Press any key to continue ...'? Where's the "any key"? Oh, I see. But which one? Just tell me, man. http://t.co/NercukCd0J
I've lived here for 10 years. 5 mins ago, if you were to ask me what color the walls were in my kitchen, I couldn't tell you. #HumanBrains
Depressing when a company can block something that's a net win for everyone but them. Why do they have so much power? http://t.co/9EAvDdyC1E
I see a lot of aggressive behavior on my commute. We're glorified apes, it's surprising that we let ourselves drive cars.
Those who say they have "no regrets" are likely the same ones who eat the one marshmallow instead of waiting for two. Regret is how we learn
"The faster you can get your ideas in contact with the real world, the faster you can discover what is broken with your idea." -Astro Teller
"I want to reassure weight-conscious readers that, when consumed in reasonable quantities, nuts are not fattening" Ah, reasonable quantities
Finished reading Freedom by Daniel Suarez (the sequel to Daemon). I love the idea of being able to transfer your will to robotic agents.
Looking at other people's code is like going to a new city. If you hang around long enough, it starts to seem smaller.
"I tried to read it, but it took the author too long to get to the point." My reaction to just about every New Yorker article I've ever read
Love when you install software and it spits out pages of errors and then says, "Yeah, okay, everything's fine. Sucessfully installed."
Watched Stranger than Paradise recently. It reminded me of what life was like before the Internet. A lot of sitting around.
I open my front door to go on a midnight stroll, and there's a snake sitting there looking at me. I guess I'll watch a movie instead.
Woke up last night with murder on my mind. A smoke detector was chirping. When I looked for it, it stopped, hiding amongst its brethren.
The words say that I shouldn't enter, but the picture advises me to open the door and walk through. http://t.co/Ckx3nF6mJE
There is a, presumably drunk, guy repeatedly yelling "Yee-haw!" outside my window. #Texas
I often hope Linux is ready for everyday users, but then I find myself reading a page on command sequences to turn off the screen saver.
I don't understand band-aids. Seems the only to unwrap them is to put your finger directly on the spot that is supposed to remain sterile.
"What, sir? You would make a ship sail against the wind and currents by lighting a bonfire under her decks?... Nonsense." Napoleon on steam.
It would make a lot more sense to have kids after you retire. Stupid biology.
Much of the world's computer power in the 1950s was dedicated to the simplex algorithm. Wonder if the same thing is coming for deep learning
In soccer, my son has an uncanny ability to hit the goalie with the ball. He even hit her once when she was running the other direction
I wonder if when primitive peoples looked at the stars if they realized that most were just like our sun, only far away.
Pet peeve: when people say "life will find a way," like in the movie Jurassic Park. They were talking about an extinct species.
I still have never done that. It's one of the small things I'm proud of. I've never put that the authors should cite my paper in any review.
Now I understand why reviewers say that you have neglected to cite important work in the area (their paper). It's the best way to get cited.
Good thing in college I had no sense of how our loud music must bother the neighbors. I would've been racked by guilt and had not fun at all
My computer is not enjoying deep learning. You can almost feel its suffering as the fan madly spins in a quixotic effort to keep up.
It's weird that we find sleeping enjoyable. You are, after all, unconscious.
My daughter, age 4, asked "What is 5?" Well, let's start with 0 and a successor function. 1 is s(0), 2 is s(s(0)), so 5 is s(s(s(s(s(0))))).
It used to be that our friends were our only source for unsubstantiated opinion, but now we have the internet.
"Determinist Insurance Company Insists All Conditions Are Preexisting" - Headline from The Onion.
Can you imagine being on an old-fashioned cattle drive? You travel for hundreds of miles without worrying about whose land you are on.
Do you ever have ice water that smells like a wet dog?
It's funny, when our minds picture the Middle Ages, it never seems to be winter time.
Deep learning is exciting because it provides artificial intelligence with a robust representation of the squishy aspects of our world.
A better way to pay real estate agents might be to compute commission after subtracting a baseline. E.g., they get 10% of sale price - $200k
The Lego Movie is no Apocalypse Now, but the idea of Taco Tuesday has stuck with me.
I listened to music through headphones too loud as a teenager. My ears now start hurt as soon as I put on headphones, even with no sound.
Groups of chimpanzees murder solitary males from other tribes when they can. No wonder my kids are afraid to go downstairs by themselves.
Don't worry. They say they are not using the camera to watch you in your rental car. http://t.co/XaQCC7P3UI
Many of my typos happen when I change what I'm going to say in a sentence and incompletely remove the first thought. Ah, human brains.
Imagine a dude standing on a table ... https://t.co/GVgCa5bJVt
Yes, please, turn down the noise, I can't think. Moving walkways now blare announcements they they are going to end. http://t.co/0aefWrkTbR
You work on a project and come back to put on some finishing touches the night before when you realize you weren't as done as you remembered
I should use movie descriptions for my Outlook meeting requests. "Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight ...
People talk like artificial intelligence will take us by surprise. Not how it works. The surprise is it will be so gradual we won't notice.
So, in Texas, your big toe is worth $9,030 dollars. http://t.co/NGzdKfSEHR
If Hell were designed for me, it would be a never-ending award ceremony.
When I see the phrase "proud father of 3!" my brain initially concludes that the man has 6 children.
Watched Back to the Future with my kids. Confusing. A movie 30 years ago about a kid who goes back 30 years and returns to "the present."
I have a hotmail email address from 1997. At some point, it has got to be cool again, right? You know, like old baseball cards.
Can you believe I got a B on this project? Man, what a rip-off. I was deep learning when deep learning wasn't cool. http://t.co/WPXv6Fqo1O
This is supposedly when I am going to die. Freaks me out a little. http://t.co/R43zoUog8X
If a robot's representation is grounded in experience, it can be autonomous without having to rely on the intentionality of human designers.
News stories on smart computers (AI) take one of two forms: 1. AI will destroy all human life. 2. AI will never be as smart as you or me.
At the end of the day, it's time to go to bed.
When I travel to talk at a scientific conference, I call it "taking the show on the road." But nobody seems to find that as funny as I do.
Why are those berries so red and poisonous? Don't they want me to spread them? http://t.co/G3L2BC7Amt
When I have one-on-one meetings with the people I manage, I feel like I should be trimming a Bonsai tree when they arrive at my office.
Would be interesting if every TV commercial came with a note specifying the targeted demographic. I wonder, "Is this for me?"
Watched Alexander and the Very Bad Day. Family movies are usually pretty dumb, but when you're watching with your family, you don't mind.
It's interesting that we now see software as something that should be free. Labor is expensive, and software is labor intensive.
I'm interacting with my daughter (age 4) at lunch, and she turns to her mother and says, "Daddy is embarrassing me." So it begins.
Watching WarGames with my son. Daddy, what's a floppy disk? Me: It's like how you use a thumb drive. Him: We don't use thumb drives anymore.
They should have parkour for risk-averse middle-aged people. It could be inside with lots of pads. Would be great fun and good exercise.
"I even plan to switch to a treadmill desk, which is a great way to prepare for eventually using a swimming desk." http://t.co/HZxoAQyBll
Introduction to programming deep learning with Python and Theano. It's clear, detailed, and entertaining. 1-hour talk http://t.co/NaW5Zcpipk
Best description I've ever seen of the limitations of symbolic systems for artificial intelligence. http://t.co/2464NYjF2g
I've always thought that puzzles were a mirage. Your brain feels like it is doing productive work, but you might as well just drink dopamine
I used to sit in my easy chair to watch movies, but that was too formal. Now I sit on the floor. Funny how things like that matter.
Have this recurring dream in which I arrive at college and am lonely. That happened in real life except in the dream there are tiny giraffes
Giving the last word in an argument feels good, but having the last word feels bad. What does the silence mean?
It's beautiful when everything comes together in understanding, but you can't get there without the befuddlement that generates the pieces.
I should make a Twitter bot that does nothing but tweet, "All work and no play makes Jack a dully boy."
The interesting thing about the design perspective is that there is no such thing as user error.
Windows frequently crashes; I get so annoyed with all of the Document Recovery silliness. Just save everything and leave me the hell alone.
Watched The Maze Runner with my oldest son. I'm always surprised that characters don't ask more questions in movie situations.
Waiting at the precipice of a busy street to cross with my kids. They freak out over a bee. Evolution has not prepared us for modern dangers
I'm reading Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison. Like the title. I've always judged how much people like me by how much they look at me.
Been eating a lot of frozen veggie burgers lately. The trick is not to view them as hamburgers, but as quick protein you eat with a fork.
Some days, my skull feels especially thick.
It's about time. "Japanese Company Introduces Robot That Feeds You Tomatoes While You Jog." http://t.co/5A1GmAqjRG
Powdered creamer is an abomination.
Today is a tipping point. Should we give up old friends when the costs are too great? Ate 2,400 calories of pizza, and I'll be hungry later.
When drug companies with outrageous prices say they'll work with those who can't pay, they mean they'll take them for everything they've got
Funny how we experience our lives through our moods. Pixels continuously enter our eyes, but our moods give them arbitrary meanings.
The seven habits of optimistic people. It'll never work for me.
It's fun when tables have hidden obstructions underneath to knock your knees. You get pain plus the added benefit of embarrassing yourself.
Easy to forget how much time Stack Overflow saves us. I just saved myself hours with the magic spell "sudo apt-get remove libopenblas-base".
Dreamed I was on the run from the law. The law was serious; they were carpet bombing towns to get me.
Words that start with the letters 'sn' are likely to have something to do with the upper lip or nose. Snarl, sneeze, sniff, snort. #Hinton
The US spends a lot on healthcare in part because doctors get sued if they say you're fine when you're not. So they order more tests.
It's interesting how much context we use when we wreck a nice beach. I mean, recognize speech. #Hinton
You see all these pickup trucks driving around with big grille guards. Must be a tie-in with the Mad Max movies.
Recently watched Mr. Nobody last night. You have to be in the mood for a long movie that wanders from place to place, but I loved it.
Trying to microwave food. I could swear that the print on packaging has gotten smaller lately. Weird companies would conspire like that
I've been working all week on a feature improvement. Tonight, the results are finally in. It doesn't work as well as the old way.
Ray Bradbury said that the sun burns time in Fahrenheit 451. He was wrong. The sun doesn't burn time. Debugging programs burns time.
I loved this book by Steven Pinker, The Sense of Style: The Thinking Person's Guide to Writing in the 21st Century. http://t.co/Z7WbRP0fJ2
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. So I've heard. http://t.co/rklboOPlmh
I think that's what troubles me about getting older. It's irreversible.
Robot video. Seconds 0 to 30: anti-bullying message. Seconds 30 to 120: for if your nightmares aren't vivid enough. https://t.co/HFEoZQXoYl
Hate it when I click on some celebrity news story and realize, "Damn, someone's gonna take this click as a sign that we need more of these."
I don't mind my TV listening to my personal conversations, but I don't want that info shared with third parties. http://t.co/yBUheHcKKv
I used to wonder why cats bit me when I pet them. Now that I have two, I see that's just what they do. They groom, bite each other, repeat.
Ideas are graphs of concepts. To communicate, you serialize those graphs as prose. The reader parses the prose to recover the graph. #Pinker
I'd go to a lot more things if I could park when I got there.
It's depressing how primitive brain science is. It's like kids playing with a car. Does the radio still work if you remove the battery? No?
The claustrum might be where consciousness is in the brain. They were able to turn it off. http://t.co/o0vrIW2TPk
I'm not sure why, but I find it tedious when articles start with a dictionary definition. We all love tacos. Webster's defines a taco as ...
I love this scene from Moneyball. The conversation at minute 2:00 plays in my head all the time. https://t.co/7oXT1hUNko
It's an interesting contradiction that learning new things makes you feel dumb.
Got a new standing desk. With every passing day, you people sitting in your chairs grow weaker, while I, I grow stronger. #WorldDomination
I'm building tools to fix my tool that makes the tool of Twitter easier to use.
I wonder if one way to think about intelligence is as the ability to be specific.
A particularly well-written article on deep learning and the human brain. https://t.co/OpSOwaOtIO
Watched the tank movie Fury. I love being transported to another time by a good movie.
So it appears that we have a second little brain in our gut. http://t.co/yb3MtmmVqc
Kevin Kelly: "We want our self-driving car to be inhumanly focused on the road, not obsessing over an argument it had with the garage."
I thought the popularity of chess would decline when Blue beat Kasparov, but it looks like the opposite happened. http://t.co/XbNPlCo2Av
The key to effective study is to do less reading and more thinking. Understanding is acquired through a process of guess and check.
"Even in the presence of a truly benign AGI, we could find ourselves back to a state of nature, policed by drones." http://t.co/PeC3rBu4Sa
Read part of Gulliver's Travels today. I couldn't get into it. It felt like reading an old book that everyone says you should read.
I keep hearing about the dangers of measles. Let's hope that someone comes up with a vaccine soon.
Finished Outer Dark by Cormac McCarthy. Books don't usually portray the life of simpletons like Culla. The poetry at the end is beautiful.
Rules can be oblivious to context, but they are designed to mitigate the vagaries of human judgment. Digital trails lay this tension bare.
As a kid, I considered it a virtue to see the long future as unpredictable and unplannable, but adults were disappointed by my lack of plan.
I just spent the last 15 minutes updating the firmware on my $80 printer.
Radio in my head is currently playing The Dukes of Hazzard theme song ... Making their way, the only way they know how. That's just a ...
My wife told me about her day. I asked her why she didn't ask about mine. "Didn't you just sit in front of a computer all day?" Well, yes.
I love how fiction books, like nightly dreams, allow me to learn from situations that I wouldn't normally experience in real life.
I just read in The Atlantic that I should feel guilty for eating almonds. Something about water and bees. Life is complicated.
It's amazing how long it takes me to write a blog post.
I don't like magic in books or movies. The world is fascinating enough as it is.
"Few white-collar people understand the degree to which manual labor chews up workers' bodies." http://t.co/M8VrgJZ77t
One of my most fulfilling pastimes is complaining. The Internet allows me to take my game to a whole new level.
Had one of those days where many concepts I have been struggling to understand have made themselves clear. Wonderful, but my head hurts.
They say there's no harm in asking, but that's not always true. If the person says no, they feel bad. If they say yes, they are responsible.
"Sweating Obama Admits Drone Strikes Have Been Happening On Their Own" The Onion. http://t.co/ylMpt2Z1we
My favorite philosopher is Kant. He argued that we can't know the real world so we construct reality: our senses are not passive but active.
Short video to get your kids (and you) excited about how we may interact with computers in the future https://t.co/4K0YsmBVPu.
Google Street View is cool, but I wish the interactions moved faster, like a video game.
I'm glad deep learning took over machine learning. I always thought those kernel people were a little smug.
Never tried this before so I'm ignorant of the taste. I can say that nothing that color should be consumed by humans. http://t.co/ZaKyOfWXZy
I love how trucks declare "not responsible for broken windshields." As if you can just do that.
"I'll die before I admit the standing-desk guy at work is right." http://t.co/11Hn08kshm
Finished reading The Sportswriter by Richard Ford. Loved the writing, but I didn't identify with the protagonist; he is so different from me
Things we learn as kids: X marks the spot for buried treasure, firemen get cats from trees, and friendly worms inhabit apples.
That's why I don't like playing baseball. For every position, every situation dictates a behavior, like with blackjack. Just a lookup table.
Randy Pausch said that we should raise the bar on what is worth doing. "The police never came because I crossed something off my todo list."
Some types of thinking are like watching TV, or worse because they are harder to turn off.
I once had a job putting lids on peanut butter jars. I stood by the assembly line, and if a jar came by without a lid, I put one on.
"Enjoy an endless flow of bite-sized content for free!" Our new American motto.
It's weird that all of those middle-aged people on my Facebook feed have the same names as my high school friends.
National Rental Car called to ask about my rental experience. I said it wasn't his fault, but it was great except for this call #IHatePhones
Bittersweet experience to read a paper where they solve a problem that stymied you years ago. "I only would have taken those next k steps."
"Deep Brain Stimulation Accidentally Turns Man into Fervid Johnny Cash Fan" Yeah, I have free will. Why do you ask? http://t.co/MKJxwfZo4Y
The transition from things not being tracked to everything being tracked simultaneously fascinates and appalls me.
I'm a sucker for those autocorrect fail galleries. I fear that some of them are now staged, but I laugh anyway.
The road less traveled. http://t.co/FfeX8CREYa
The flight attendant said that Oswald didn't kill Kennedy. You learn a lot when you travel.
When I fly Delta, I prefer to go through Memphis over Atlanta. The Memphis airport smells like bacon.
Four-year-old girl next to me on the flight got a coffee when the cart came by. Wonder if she does her own taxes too.
The problem with watching sports is that it makes me care, and caring can be a real nuisance. Glad I gave it up years ago.
Did you know that silver kills germs? Settlers used to put silver coins in milk to keep it fresh on long journeys. #BigHistory
Eye patch. Wooden leg. Missing teeth. Hook for a hand. Pirates must have had a tough life.
There's like four places to adjust the volume on my computer, none of them synchronized. Only one of them goes to 11.
Memory of Tolkien Hobbit books: 4th grade, kids discussing them. I say, "I love those! My dad reads to me!" Stares. They read to themselves.
I don't wanna work. I just wanna bang on the drum all day.
Saw the latest Planet of the Apes. I just couldn't believe. I know, but beyond that, apes with no training firing machine guns?
Children start playing simple tricks and jokes on their parents at about age four. It must be biologically adaptive to exceed the literal.
Humans laugh a lot. At work, we joke during meetings, and during painful times, we have gallows humor. Why do we avoid the literal?
I haven't been back to Texas A&M in well over 15 years. The idea of a guy pulling out a smartphone at The Chicken just seems wrong.
Do you ever take the biological view while driving and think, "I'm surrounded by apes driving cars at 50 miles per hour"?
Watched The Rover. That guy takes car theft seriously. Actually, I often don't get vague movies, but I feel I understand this one.
I take back what I said the other night about leaving CouchDB. I was angry. They could, however, improve the Python API documentation.
I don't know why, but happy music always bugged me. Except for Walking on Sunshine by Katrina and the Waves. #GrumpyOldMan
Wish there were an "openness" measure for products. You could penalize Ford for making its cars expensive to fix. https://t.co/VaK5AkH3xs
Surprising how often I pick up a book and don't understand the first sentence. What is "the structuralist invasion"? #WritingAndDifference
Neat idea. You can learn more about a craft by watching amateurs than professionals. Amateurs don't know how to hide the seams. #IdeaChannel
Teenagers are less into cars these days. When I was 16, the car was our Internet. We used it to explore, socialize, and learn new things.
Watched Earth to Echo. All adults have already seen this movie. But if you are 11, as is my son, it couldn't be more perfect.
The destiny of every drawstring is to become an unusable knot.
My wife texted that we are switching parking spaces in the driveway because snakes were found on her side. #Marriage #Texas
I watched the movie Enemy with Jake Gyllenhaal. What the hell?
Instead of having kids make posters for their science fair projects, kids should make web pages. It is no longer 1950.
What!? "In 1961, 90 percent of physicians said they wouldn't tell their patients if they had cancer." http://t.co/Dwms5yRzeZ
Facebook post complained parents are too intense. I (jokingly) replied this was my ideal. https://t.co/3Q7KLGAyMb #ReasonsWhyIHaveNoFriends
Fear does not exist in this dojo. NO, SENSEI! Pain does not exist in this dojo. NO, SENSEI! Defeat does not exist in this dojo. NO, SENSEI!
He's fast and loose with the term "understanding", but this is a good talk about computers getting smarter https://t.co/jfUMNlLb9o
I hate when companies send me emails where I have to log into an account to see what it is about. Yeah, yeah, security. 
I like those "Share if you rode in the back of a pickup truck as a kid and survived" memes. Those that didn't survive have little to say.
I want to map natural language sentences to some canonical representation of meaning. Even if I can only map some of them.
Guy on TV says this fruit smoothie can actually reverse aging! How is this not front-page news? Why show this information late at night?
Sometimes, "My Documents" is "Documents." This folder, whatever its name, is either attached to "jmugan" or "Jonathan Mugan" #Windows
I've been humming the theme song from The A-Team for the last hour. Probably an early sign of Alzheimer's.
It's a missed opportunity that @FedEx doesn't have an easy way to report aggressive drivers. Maybe they plan a tie-in with Mad Max.
My former university adds me to new email lists faster than I can unsubscribe.
Imagine the impact it will have when we first meet space aliens. We will learn about ourselves by learning how we could be different.
When you leave the country for the first time, you learn about your own country because you didn't know things could be any other way.
The missed opportunity with the movie #TheCounselor is that you don't know why the guy crossed the line. What made him do the drug deal?
Recently watched The Counselor. I felt like the actors had no idea what they were saying, and either did I. Remember Dawson's Creek?
When I think really hard for a couple of days in a row, I get a particular kind of headache. Like glucose depletion? Anyone have a pointer?
Me to my family: "Are you mocking me?" My daughter, age 4: "Yes, we all are. I don't even know what that means."
I got an unsolicited email stating that a will was made in my name in London by someone I don't even know. What are the odds! #MyLuckyDay
How did the movie Snowpiercer get such good reviews? A train, why a train? Are we to believe they survive at the end? Girl didn't know dirt.
Ignorance is the key to programming productivity. If you knew how hard it was going to be, you'd never start.
Chess. Weird. I would think that the number of games played would trump the more powerful brain of a 20-year-old http://t.co/ktY9Ze0dEp
"I've eaten the sun so my tongue has been burned of the taste." Ah, good ol' Alice in Chains.
I watched A Most Wanted Man. Philip Seymour Hoffman smoked a lot of cigarettes in that movie.
Most computer code crashes if you do the least little thing wrong. By contrast, HTML soldiers on by doing whatever it feels like.
When coding, you have to constantly be simplifying existing functionality as you add new functionality. Otherwise, madness awaits.
Amazing the number of steps to get a flu shot. I think next year I'll make it myself. #CVS
Gas card, zip code, debit or credit, car wash. Remember the convenience of just going inside and paying the dude for your gas?
So it appears that DNA is like Lisp. It's both code and data.
Unlike email, phone calls aren't recorded. Is that changing? When recorded, you have to talk to the person and also unknown later audience.
"If you want to turn a chimp into a human, you're half way there if you just give it a lousy sense of smell." https://t.co/nrGsGEUSW8
I like Einstein as much as the next guy, but can we cut back on the quotes?
Houston, 1800s. Didn't know mosquitos caused yellow fever, but it subsided when it got cold. They put yellow fever patients in cold storage.
"Those grapes were sour anyway" as a statement on the human condition should be "Those grapes were an invalid measure of my jumping ability"
My daughter, age 4, has filled up my wife's phone with selfies. #SoItBegins
We get a little shot of dopamine when we make a new connection. As a writer, your job is to keep the drinks coming.
Hard work suppressing my sense of humor at the office. HR requested suggestions for fun perks. I wanted to write "the blood of my enemies."
Just watched the latest Terminator trailer. How many times can you go back in time? #StackOverflow
My son, age 8, asked me to join his club. After I agreed, he said that I first had to fill out some paperwork.
Having network trouble. No problem. I'll just run Windows network diagnostics to figure out what is going on. http://t.co/RrYt0rQ68N
I actually do like reading comments on news articles, when the best ones can float to the top. But comments need to be independent to float.
Watched Red Obsession, a documentary about the Chinese fascination with French wine. Reminded me of the baseball card bubble of 1991.
Ever find yourself thinking, "Yeah, I have one of those, where is it?" And then you realize the last time you saw it was in the 1980s?
The outside environment is so much richer than the inside one. No wonder cats act completely different outside.
I've been using D3 for visualizations lately. It's like assembly language for the browser. Well, maybe C for the browser.
We say we can build machines faster than dumb evolution, but I wonder if we vastly underestimate the amount of computation used by nature.
If you've never heard the song "Talking Hard Work" by Woody Guthrie, do yourself a favor. https://t.co/DSF5W12AKG
The feeling of Flow identified by Csikszentmihalyi might be dangerous. I bet big innovation often comes from hard, and unenjoyable, thought.
My favorite question is how did the world organize? How did these atoms come together to form complex structures and eventually life?
Beautiful day back at my parent's house. BMX had a flat, so I took my mom's purple bike. #rad #breaktheice http://t.co/97s2syyljB
It's funny, but I think the best way to digitally scan a picture is to take a picture of it.
Recently watched Edge of Tomorrow. I'll come find you when I wake up.
Staggering to think how much computation would be required to simulate a cell at the lowest known level of detail. May require a data center
"Every day, something hits me oh so cold. You find me sitting by myself, no excuses that I know." Is it still the 1990s? #AliceinChains
We each have our own representations. You can't explain concepts directly. They have to realize it for themselves. Teaching is like a koan.
From an evolutionary perspective, it's surprising that we sleep. You're just a free piece of meat for whatever happens to come along.
It seems the rat race peaks in our 40s, and the rat race makes us sad. Insightful article on the midlife crisis. http://t.co/Bh5EuxhOkN
Thirsty after soccer, and wanting a Gatorade. But I was at Whole Foods, so I had to drink some kind of orange, kale, carrot thing for $5.
How is The Hunger Games: Mockingjay not a spoof? Like how Hot Shots was a spoof of Top Gun? It even has "mocking" in the name.
I hate when, stressed while diagnosing a problem, you come upon a yet bigger problem. #TurtlesAllTheWayDown
Cricket is on TV at this Indian restaurant. No idea what is going on. This must be how cats feel when they watch us.
When I walk in the woods, I like to pretend I'm a caveman. Imagine how strange this plastic bag would look to them. http://t.co/U2rpLG40Ww
Isn't it depressing how big space is?  I want to explore other planets.
The hotel promised to have a glass of wine waiting for me when I arrived. It didn't happen. I complained. They brought a 1.5 liter bottle.
Nothing both excites and depresses you like figuring out the cause of a good bug. You're happy it's over but you regret the time wasted.
We don't consider a highway to be a thing, like a factory. It's a huge thing. It pollutes, and on a quiet night, I can hear it 2 miles away.
My kid had teeth pulled. Insurance didn't pay for anesthesia because it wasn't "medically necessary." I guess we could have tried whiskey.
A knowledge graph is a set of pointers organized by node instead of by relationship.
When I have a problem, my first instinct is no longer to think about solving the problem, but what keywords I need for the Google search.
Recently watched Big Hero 6. I am satisfied with my care.
Wrote a blog post about deep learning and artificial intelligence. How do you teach a computer what a child knows? https://t.co/kS9Qy9LfcS
Removing clutter makes writing richer. You give the reader dark chocolate instead of Halloween candy.
Learning through experience allows robots function w/o full knowledge, like how children climb trees w/o knowing their molecular structure.
"The perfect ending should take your readers by surprise and yet seem exactly right." William Zinsser, On Writing Well.
What is brimstone? I know that I should keep it away from fire. Ah ... sulfur.
I wish that my fingers would type what my brain dictates. Barring that, I wish that my eyes could read what my fingers type.
Remember when candles were all the rage in the mid-late 90s? Funny what goes in and out of fashion.
I realized today that my only memories of kindergarten are of watching videos or being outside.
Thought that ran through my head today, "I've been to Hanoi, but that was 15 years ago." Time is a jet plane.
If we were to go back in time, like 10 years, it would be interesting to see how many minor annoyances we completely forgot about.
It's good to see The Oatmeal back in form. Explanation of the dangers of losing net neutrality http://t.co/XY8EqjPFJY. #WithFunnyPictures
Thought I saw the headline "Tom Cruise Reveals How Cats Evolved to Tolerate Humans" but it was "Genome Reveals How ..." News is a mixed bag.
"Does he have Alzheimer's? No, he just believes what people tell him. That's too bad." Watched Nebraska recently.
They say you should eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper. But then I sleep like a guy who doesn't sleep.
CNN Holds Morning Meeting To Decide What Viewers Should Panic About For Rest Of Day http://t.co/mHXpKtjDpB @TheOnion
Remember Kaepas? I wore through the soles and showed my grandpa, so he'd be proud of my thrift. He said I needed to put cardboard in there.
Programming is now a worldwide effort. Instead of solving a problem that has been done before, I Google "python count items in list by type"
Pretty good argument for why finding that there was once life on Mars would mean the death of humanity. http://t.co/v6uq293fYn
A small thing I'm proud of: When I explain technical concepts, nontechnical listeners often say, "Wow, I actually understood that!"
At my son's middle school, "tests" are now referred to as "celebrations of knowledge." George Orwell would be proud.
For kicks, I ask Google Maps how long it would take to get to places by bus. It would take 5h 47min to get to my first appointment tomorrow
My body complains about being tired, but I tell it that it should fall asleep when I give it the chance, instead of worrying about the world
I once attended training on "data entry" so I could work at a temp company.
Watched the movie Antichrist last night. It weirdly reminded me of the movie Stalker (1979), and I later saw it was dedicated its director.
Problem of our time: Workers need more respect, but the law makes them more expensive as machines make it easier to do with fewer of them.
Schrodinger argued that living things keep their entropy artificially low by increasing the entropy of their surroundings. Like my kids.
Our best robots now appear to be approaching the manual dexterity of small children. 2-minute video. #DeepLearning https://t.co/AY0RLv1dDe
Windows 10 laptop broke, and while it was getting fixed, family had to use old 2005 Ubuntu laptop. Now they prefer it because it's faster.
So memories may not live in the synapses of a neuron but instead may reside as molecular changes in the cell itself. http://t.co/Opr01S0g8E
"Mickey Mantle don't care about you. Why should you care about him?" A Bronx Tale. Nothing like getting fatherly advice from a gangster.
"Colombia seizes 1 ton of cocaine disguised as printer ink." Probably a higher street value if it were printer ink. http://t.co/tpk4gtAslm
I do like the navigation pane in Microsoft Word. (I'm trying to learn to be more positive.)
Lockheed Martin Sales Staff Instructed To Really Push Tactical Air-To-Surface Missiles This Week http://t.co/jOYX88Cjqv via @theonion
Saw someone give the advice that when traveling to Texas one should keep a bible on the dashboard. I promise: Texas is just a regular place.
Soccer is hard on the knees. Soccer on the new kind of turf where players still wear cleats must be doubly so.
I'm abandoning the book Ancillary Justice by Ann Leckie. I have trouble with plots that take place on other planets b/c I can't picture them
"Drivers who decide to hit-and-kill do so because killing is far more economical." Be careful walking in China. http://t.co/zExarcfzOI
The internet was out all afternoon at work. Now I know what the apocalypse feels like.
I consider it polite to be outwardly pessimistic about your own endeavors. Peer optimism can be exhausting.
So it has come to this. Cops recommend that we have "safe rooms" where employees can retreat to during mass shootings http://t.co/UEefDVQkKH
When one says a field of study is x years old, for any x, someone always says it is > x. Safest to say all fields began with the Big Bang.
Dreamed that bad guys were attacking 'merica by dropping large, old-style televisions onto houses from helicopters. Scarier than it sounds.
It always seemed weird to me that baseballs just fly into the crowd, and that's perfectly normal. http://t.co/UTTb6q8PkS
In kindergarten, I crumpled up my class picture and put it in my hat to keep it safe on the bus ride home. Thought it was smart. Mom didn't.
"Is Gentrification a Human-Rights Violation?" Ah, you got to love those wacky writers at The Atlantic. http://t.co/uh8ZD4v7Y3
Saw It Follows. Not usually into horror movies, but that old lady walking down the hall was one of the scariest things I've seen in a while.
I'm walking down the stairs and BOOM! I figured out the bug. Like all good mysteries, it had been staring me in the face the whole time.
If you will soon be a parent and are interested in being green, you might like this new book by @ziontree http://t.co/hxndWFYog1
It's funny how we never know when our normal practice is someone else's pet peeve.
I had planned on returning to playing soccer this weekend, but I reinjured my leg during a particularly strong yawn on Tuesday.
I think it would be a good night to hang out on Khaosan Road in Bangkok. https://t.co/PzPUssc9Yk
When headed to a new place, I want to preview where I'm going using Google maps, and I want it to look like this https://t.co/oRUav3bUR8
Mac key bindings drive me nuts. It would be okay if I only used my Mac, but I also use Windows and Linux, sometimes from within the Mac.
"HP employees have 48 hours to accept or decline." Man, it is rough out there. And this is in the hot tech sector. http://t.co/6D1pCkIPH7
I tried to go to Brazil once. Walked up to board and they wouldn't let me on the plane because I didn't have a visa.
I somehow reinjured my leg by yawning. #Soccer #OldMan
There are 10 billion proteins working in every human cell. Wow. We are complicated machines. https://t.co/HE2PZpA1Mv
Dreamed the only house I could afford was underground. It was close to downtown, and there was ambient A/C, but you couldn't see the stars.
Weird how things that aren't our thing annoy us arbitrarily. I've never seen Dr. Who, and I'm sure it's great, but the whole thing bugs me.
Now I haven't really played video games since Asteroids, but someone once asked me what the essence of the USA was https://t.co/sqfVVCqhu9
Funny how there's no consensus on what to do if attacked by a dog. Stay on your feet. No, get down. Look in the eye. No, avoid eye contact.
"Did he just throw my cat out the window?" Watched The Grand Budapest Hotel.
My daughter (age 5) likes to sit on my back and make me do pushups. It satisfies both her craving for power and her desire for horsey rides.
Son has Android tablet. I want to by $2 game w/o adding my credit card to tablet. Surprisingly hard. One must go to store to buy gift card.
My kids (ages 8 and 11) are shocked Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 got a 5% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. They feel the critics don't understand cinema
Notice how "Salisbury steak" has been renamed to "chopped steak"? Those marketing people are always one step ahead of the rest of us.
My dad gave me his iPhone a few years ago, and I recently passed that same iPhone onto my oldest son. It's our only family heirloom.
Since my long walk yesterday, the whole area seems flipped around. Feels like a natural area with houses in it instead of houses with trees.
The video on this page is a nice demonstration of what is going on inside deep learning algorithms http://t.co/60LF89ErCf
Went for a walk and I was suddenly reminded of a similar walk I took when I was five. How cool is that?
One of my projects is to try not to have opinions of celebrities. They have no opinions of me.
When I FaceTime the house, my son (age 8) likes to hang up on me. Last thing I see is him looking down, like the cover of that NWA album.
Plastic bottle of ketchup broke when dropped. Red mess everywhere. I thought the deal with plastic was we traded health for not breaking?
Watched Grizzly Adams with the kids. Wanted to grow up to be like him. Guess I have, but I got no bear, no beard, and I live in the suburbs.
My boys (ages 8 and 11) are arguing about the number of McDonald's restaurants in New York's Chinatown. Neither have been to Chinatown.
Watched Pinocchio recently. A lot more happens in that movie than I thought. He smokes and drinks? There's a donkey metamorphosis?
I like the emptiness of the parking garage when I work late. Feels like the apocalypse.
We need more corn on the cob in our lives.
How rogue drones are rapidly becoming a national nuisance http://t.co/rX3sZ4RKAH But why no mention of that annoying sound?
People like to bash PowerPoint, but I find that if you avoid bullets and instead use text boxes, it's a great tool for taking notes.
Hate when you try to select text with a mouse but you end up mangling it. Does anyone use that feature?
Watched 2001: A Space Odyssey with my oldest son (age 11). He's pretty angry. He said it was the worst movie he's ever seen.
Computers should explain what they are doing. I see that your CPU is going like mad, but just telling me "host process" is not helpful.
One does not simply install Caffe. #deeplearning #mac
"A hashtag is effectively an instantly defined soft network within the Internet." http://t.co/XcYSPLgzl7
Outlook just reminded me that I have a lunch to go to five days ago.
I've been using Google Maps on my phone for years now, and I still fumble with the interface like a new user.
What am I doing at the moment? Trying to figure out why array A has 56 rows and array B only has 53. And why A has 56 at all. 56? What the?
Endeavoured to teach my children probability using coin flips. The first seven flips came up tails. Their mental models may never recover.
Watched the movie '71 recently. British soldier was trapped on the catholic side of Northern Ireland. Whiskey, cigarettes, and facial hair
Wow, this is a beautiful and innovative video. I don't know what it's about, but worth watching. https://t.co/J8eK6lW1aI HT @singularityblog
Before I became an adult I assumed that they knew what they were doing.
Recently watched Nightcrawler. A movie about a young entrepreneur chasing his dreams.
Funny what goes in and out of fashion. In the late 70s, we had movies about 18-wheeler trucks. Now we have a movie about a food truck. #Chef
22-minute documentary about people who live in a cemetery in the Philippines. Children walk on piles of bones. http://t.co/65FNDGDLee
Funny how much my spirits rise and fall depending on the results of my last experiment. Like those numbers are the final word on my ideas.
I have a recurrent dream about moving to a litter-free, fictitious place north of Canada with low taxes and cool-but-not-too-cold weather.
Well, I'm giving up Oliver Twist halfway through. I like it, but the story is told with too many unnecessary words.
Remember when Segways were the future? We're in the future, and my children only know them as "mall mobiles" from Paul Blart, Mall Cop.
I remember as a kid in the 1980s blenders used to work. Now they do this thing where they make a lot of noise, but the blade doesn't spin.
What am I having for dinner, you asked? (Or didn't.) Grilled cheese. Elmer Fudd knows what I'm talking about. https://t.co/yQ366Rdcre
My wireless phone bill is 8 pages long, and that's not including the log of texts and calls. It's 15 pages total.
If you've got high school kids wondering what they should do with their time and their lives, have them read this http://t.co/nyrFhNR8rh
Family was arguing about what we should do today. My position is always the same. I want to do whatever will result in the least crying.
Reading Oliver Twist. The light and sarcastic tone of the story makes the horror cut deeper, because it sneaks up on you.
With deep learning, the idea of a robot psychologist starts to make some sense. You're not programming anymore; you're curating experience.
When you have a profound idea, you don't know whether to congratulate yourself or to berate yourself for taking so long to think of it.
I just looked down at my computer to remind myself what year it is.
Went to IKEA. It starts out fun, but there must be something in those Swedish meatballs, because I'm always in a foul mood by the end.
Bought a chainsaw to trim the trees. Started reading the manual and realized, man, this thing is really dangerous. Hired a professional.
Coworker got a haircut. Rule is you don't comment on a female's appearance in the office. Rule for hair is you do comment. #FunnyDilemma
I think of the eigenvectors of a transition matrix as the knuckleballs of the matrix.
Always thought it must be a singular experience to emerge from prison after many years. This seemed to hit it well http://t.co/bDbXpTsz72
Worth telling your kids about the research that shows people who have won the lottery are about as happy a year later as they were before.
We still haven't figured out how to maximize crowdsourcing. I should be able to improve a small part of someone's book if I can.
Somehow, I have two butter knives on my desk, but no pens.
Printer mocks me and says "Initializing the ADF" when we both know that's a made-up thing. Then it lies and says the cable's not attached.
Listened to the first episode of the podcast Serial. Pretty good, but will stop here. Big time investment to wait for withheld facts.
Just finished reading Station Eleven by Emily St. John Mandel. If you liked The Road and The Dog Stars, this is your next book.
"Quasars appear to be galaxies that exploded ... I wonder how many of those were science-fair projects that got out of hand." Marvin Minsky
Just took my first message for a child calling one of my kids. My parents did it for me. Forgetting added randomness to social interactions.
"I understand your frustration, but our policy is that we screw you over in this situation." -- The Zeitgeist of customer service in 2016.
I've got a cowboy thing for work tonight, so I'm wearing my boots. They're awful tight; my feet muscles must have grown since college.
I'm not feeling work today. Vacations do that to me. I get back and ask myself, "Why do I care about this again?"
Looks like a good read. #STEAM http://t.co/HSTJk6fatU"
I have this theory that first-borns a jealous by nature. You exist and everything is fine. Then one day, out of the blue, 1/2 is taken away.
When I showed that old 5 1/4" floppy disk I found to my son, he asked how many gigabytes it held.
Did you get that file I put on your desk? Found this in one of my old textbooks. http://t.co/h5F7lmTHpk
"The robot has an error rate of close to 0 percent. When humans were doing it, the error rate was around 2.8 percent" http://t.co/DMSiZU0jKl
The frustrating thing about customer service is you can't even talk to the company. You talk to a contractor whom they hire to deal with you
Robots are mainly for disaster response. Robots help workers instead of replacing them. Robots hate cats. None of those statements are true.
Sometimes you have to keep staring at a piece of code until it is small enough to fit in your mind.
"Asteroids are nature's way of asking, 'How's that space program coming along?'" @neiltyson
It took me four nights, but I finally finished watching Once Upon a Time in America. I like that it encompassed the events of a lifetime.
I've never understood how fast food places make money. You only get $5 per customer. Volume, sure, but man.
Mom Triumphantly Drags Hotel Pool Lounge Chair Back To Family Like Fresh Kill, The Onion. http://t.co/UGHTVtkOK1
Saw Inside Out with the family. Like how it showed the mind as independent components. Like The Society of Mind ... and Herman's Head.
Finished reading Night by Elie Wiesel. A first-hand account of the Holocaust. They kept asking, how could this happen in these modern times?
I remember as a kid we used to fly drones. They were wind-powered, and attached to a string.
In Texas, we can't sit down on the grass because of fire ants. In fact, you can't even stand in one place for too long; best to keep moving.
So I'm at work, and I'm interrupted by this weird, yet familiar, ringing. Turns out it's the phone. Just some guy selling something.
"What?! ... Oh, yeah, you're right." Me, talking to the compiler.
Uber must be thinking, "Man, we need to hurry up on those self-driving cars." http://t.co/LvvwhLnXJj
"Okay, this is going to be more complicated than I thought." A phrase I mutter to myself at some point during every project.
Love watching my hard drive defrag. Seeing those little boxes turn from red to blue is oddly satisfying. #MiddleAge
That's pretty funny. Google Slides can handle a Powerpoint file with equations, but Powerpoint for the Mac can't.
I was going to eat half my soup now and save half for later. You can guess how that turned out.
When I retire in 2040, I'm going to play video games. They should be awesome by then. I'm also going to read Dante's Inferno.
Whenever I start to write a line of code with the caps lock accidently on, I have memories of COBOL. PERFORM FLASHBACK.
I knew it was good! Kids and I play a game where I drag them to an "oven" to cook them. Kids love it. It baffles mom. http://t.co/cWdoEDNnsu
It would be weird programming after the apocalypse. You'd have to look up things in books.
I pointed out an artificial plant. My son (age 8) asked what artificial meant. I told him fake. He said, "So you work in fake intelligence?"
Always think it's funny when the forecast calls for 100% chance of rain. That's a bold statement.
My son, age 8, prefers to search the web using voice. Weird, for me, voice search is just a gimmick, unless you are using a mobile device.
Working with my daughter on a robot. She can't read yet. How cool would it be if she could say, "I learned to read by programming robots."
Made the mistake once of telling my wife that I liked mowing the lawn. I haven't gotten credit for it since.
Steps 3 and 4: crucial to avoid madness as your project grows. 1. Add feature. 2. Test feature. 3. Simplify code. 4. Test and compare with 2
My son was brushing his teeth, and staring at me, trying to look tough. Then his toothbrush beeped, and he had to move it to the other side.
The "wagon-wheel" illusion of seeming to spin backwards comes from our brain sampling the world at discrete timesteps http://t.co/ck4BO0vlhI
You know, maybe Python isn't the best language for someone who can't spell.
I know it's simple, but my first "Internet of Things" experience is that I can check the contents of the DVR from my phone. I like that.
Dreamed I worked as a staffer and event planner for Hillary Clinton. Man, that's a stressful job. I do not envy those people.
Moved to Texas at age 6. At a camp breakfast, a lady asked if I wanted gravy on my eggs. I looked at her stupefied. She took that as a yes.
Finished reading Child of God. I love how Cormac McCarthy allows me to experience life at the fringes of civilisation.
Yeah, someone should turn a Turing machine into a board game for teaching children about computers. First one with x on the tape wins ...
Decades away from good biped robots? Maybe, but remember how bad the robot cars were in the 2006 DARPA challenge? http://t.co/ut4SzZEsTT
Watched This is Where I Leave You. My wife and I don't agree on many movies, but we both like Jason Bateman. #SelfDeprecatingWisdom
If you want to learn programming with your kids, you can now type Python right in your browser. https://t.co/xeT7ylEztR
My son wants to know why we have never won "Yard of the Month." Man, kid, give your poor dad a break.
I wrote a description of deep learning for non computer scientists. It explains the role of vector representations. https://t.co/Y6z9KJlpvt
Wonderful. Order my soup and pay online, then I walk down to the cafe and pick it up. No waiting. The internet might not be a fad after all.
Weird that snoring survived evolution. You're telling the tiger where you are, and your clansmen are lying awake with murder in their hearts
Protip: to give your work environment that Old West feel, require that work be completed by "sundown" instead of "close of business."
Watched Interstellar. Went in with low expectations, but I loved it. Reminded me of ambitious sci-fi movies of the 1960s &1970s.
"TSA Agents To Now Simply Stand At Checkpoints And Remind Passengers That We All Die Someday" -- The Onion
When the Prime Minister asked of a new discovery, 'What good is it?', Faraday replied, 'What good is a newborn baby?' http://t.co/U4Ah9xZij4
When Superman gets a girl's cat from a tree, she runs in and tells her mom, who slaps her for lying. Funny in 1978. Funny how times change.
Watched Fantastic Mr. Fox this weekend. Wife said it was pretty good, but it didn't seem to be a kids movie, or a grown-up movie either.
Billboards are a theft of attention. When your eyes fall on them, the owners enter your consciousness without permission.
Finished reading The Things They Carried by Tim O'Brien. About being a foot solder during Vietnam. You experience what they experienced.
So Superman was a space alien. We don't generally think of him that way.
My car is almost out of gas again. The physical world can be a real hassle.
Paperwork is the worst, and anything that involves a notary takes it to the next level.
The song Walking in Memphis has been playing in my head for about two weeks now. I don't know who decides these things.
Tony's brags that they use real cheese and tomatoes in their frozen pizza. I didn't know such things had to be stated. Is it uranium free?
I can't pack for a trip until I am dressed for said trip. Factoring out what I am going to wear when I leave overloads my brain, apparently.
Time really slows down when you're not in control of your own schedule.
"If training neural nets is optimization over functions, training recurrent nets is optimization over programs." http://t.co/ylDwT0f8bP
One of my earliest memories, age 4. I get up in the middle of the night, get a spoon and a jar of peanut butter, and watch a western. #1977
Watched Superman (1978) with the family. My kids were like, "man, this is boring." I liked how the glasses kept him from being recognized.
Sad when your machine learning results are bad, but if you then notice that they're really bad, it makes you happy, because there's a bug.
I've finally crossed over. I now prefer reading scientific papers on the computer over printing them out.
In conversations I get distracted by the idea that I'm really talking to 30 trillion cells that somehow believe they are one unified whole.
My wife likes to yell "Watch out! It's a snake!" when I'm digging through bushes pulling weeds. She just laughs and laughs.
These future archeologists will also be puzzled by treadmills. Were they devices designed to teach the concept of existential futility?
Stationary bikes are going to be a real head scratcher for future archeologists.
The semantic web is a necessary idea that seemed to crumble under fractured complexity around 2008. Anyone know what is replacing it?
We need all the good news we can get. https://t.co/3O4QvgArSg
I think the real reason Google released TensorFlow to the public was to advance their agenda of indenting two spaces in Python code. Never!
I love it when people have the courage to describe concepts from first principles, instead of hiding behind jargon.
The first step to building machines with fundamental commonsense knowledge is to identify profitable tasks that require such knowledge.
What troubles me is how fast my life is going by. Weeks pass as fast as days.
I open my Office 365 Planner, and it's all full of judgment. https://t.co/68Pb2byqwU
Finally watched The Revenant. I had a hard winter once.
Something to do with the kids to interest them in math & computers: the BBC documentary Algorithms, also on Netflix https://t.co/ESmbSc6wZ1
Family watched Fed Up, about added sugar as the primary cause of the obesity epidemic. Really good but my kids kept getting up to get snacks
Great book: Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe. About when cultures and religions clash. The Heart of Darkness from the African perspective.
We live our lives trapped in these machines, constantly planning for their own survival.
Syntax determines the set of allowable sequences of tokens in a language. Semantics maps sequences of tokens to models of a domain.
Everything I did today failed. One of those days.
People want golf carts allowed on sidewalks to take their kids to school b/c walking is slow. We need some kind of self-propelled motorcycle
Go for my midnight walk, and this lady is driving around the neighborhood real slow like. I ask, and sure enough, she's looking for Pokemon.
Pokemon Go is the first killer app in augmented reality. This is augmented reality's logical conclusion. https://t.co/orj85vn1XO
They're clearing land near my house to build a subdivision called "Wild Oaks Preserve."
I love seeing the crisscross of shadows on the ground made by tree branches.
Even if we aren't living in a simulation, imagining that we are is an interesting way to think about the purpose of our life. Find the edge?
Just cleaned up the trash outside my office window (again). Litter makes me sad.
We have an expectation that phone calls are not recorded, but if phones were invented today, all calls would be recorded and transcribed.
I think my favorite outcome from our vacation to the beach is that my kids have gained an appreciation for sitting on balconies.
A great thing about services like Yelp is that restaurants in tourist areas have motivation to make good food.
My wife got me a new lunch box. This one is probably more accurately described as "lunch luggage." https://t.co/BA6FoeR1vP
I still remember the metallic smell of my Incredible Hulk lunch box from first grade.
Austin traffic usually gets lighter over the summer, but not this summer. What kind of scam is that?
We should worship ideas, not heroes. No one should care which animal Elon Musk deems his favorite.
Weird that our culture celebrates not taking advice. The person giving advice is taking a risk to help you and receives little in return.
In school, kids learn a seq. of concepts: A-->B-->C. But A and B are boring. Instead we could: C fail, B fail, A. They'd care about A and B.
Watched the movie Chariots of Fire (from 1981). I gotta say, I don't see what all the hype is about. There was, however, lots of running.
It Is With A Heavy Heart That I Announce I Am Having My Parents Pick Me Up Early From This Sleepove https://t.co/Tfo6YdNSp5 via @theonion
I suggest that we pick a week in July when we can cease all economic activity so that we can fix all of our wobbly tables and chairs.
Getting up really early: The alarm is a mad noise, and the time doesn't even register as time. You slowly realize in horror that it is real.
First digital meme I saw was the Dancing Baby in 1996. I stumbled into a room (physical room, not a chat room) where everyone was entranced.
Funny how it is impossible to use the word "sophomoric" without sounding sophomoric.
Fun afternoon digital learning project with the kids: draw your own font and use it in Microsoft Word. https://t.co/CndzochKxx
Asked my daughter (age 6) what I should wear to her dance recital, and her response was "a suit and pie." I can do that.
"Hope springs eternal" is the motto of machine learning researchers. "If I just make this one change, I bet ..."
When coding, you and the you from 10 days ago often disagree on the facts. The problem is you never know who is right.
Having trouble planning the family vacation. Too many options. Idea: a startup that lets you talk to an expert travel person. Oh, wait ...
Had a fascinating dream last night. I was reliving a day in Las Vegas from 1996 that never happened. It was a cool day, though.
The more baffled you are, the more profound the concept is you are about the learn --- assuming that you eventually figure it out.
Watched a Ukranian movie in sign language last night. Yeah, I do feel more cultured today. Thanks for asking.
"Fixed unicode bug" is probably the most common Git commit message ever.
Fidelity will pay $1,950 to switch my IRA to them. Makes me wonder about their fees. Trying to learn not to be cynical. #ProbablyJustKindess
I couldn't decide if I wanted tacos. Then I found myself in line for said tacos. Guess I decided in the affirmative.
Wife: I don't know what we should do this weekend. Me: I'll think on it. Wife: Don't think too hard. Your ideas often conflict with my ideas.
Dyson argues that we are undergoing a digital big bang. He claims it is not a metaphor, but the birth of an equally important new universe.
Thinking hard. Then, eureka! Then I realize I had that same idea 10 years ago. Damn it, back to the beginning.
Sentences ceaselessly depict alteration. They affirm the world's constant, pitiless motion." https://t.co/r8DW4lyUTn
Thanks Outlook. I'll get right on that. https://t.co/PXUMimJHIP
If you're building an app and think "The user probably wants to be alerted when ..." No. I can confirm that the user wants to be left alone.
Why do Southwest drink coupons expire so quickly? They must assume I'm like, "I'd better take that trip to Iowa, or I'll lose my free beer!"
Saw the movie Maggie. I like the apocalypse, but it was too inconsistent. Empty roads but basic services still work? Human and plant plague?
Searle's Chinese room. Impossible to speak intelligently by following rules. Only way is to map to a representation, making it intelligent.
One fun thing about moving, even just moving offices, is that seeing the bare room knocks your brain out of autopilot. You feel more alive.
A fascinating and horrifying video of what augmented reality could look like. The world is already too cluttered. https://t.co/6bstzsuw2F
The memories of our lifetime seem to take the form of GIFs. Each year of our life seems to have about 20, with more from high school years.
They say the best time to plant a tree is 25 years ago. "Today's rich families in Florence were rich 700 years ago" https://t.co/P7fNqWbtWw
What's noteworthy about Siri is how little it has improved over the years.
I gave an interview to GeekAustin about the interplay between deep learning and symbolic methods in AI. https://t.co/RMgugmxbhW
They don't always teach, but mistakes do allow you to experience parts of the state space that an optimal life path wouldn't visit.
This isn't new, but if you want to re-live any period of your life in slow motion, check this out. https://t.co/ExA75PO2wR
Grandfather's stories all followed the same arc: 1. He is faced with adversity. 2. He works hard to overcome. 3. The adversity wins anyway.
Had an exclusive spot 1/4 mile into the woods for my daughter's fairy birthday party. When everyone arrived, the rain god opened up the sky.
What I would like is an app that for any building tells you the year it was built.
Interviewers have a favorite whiteboard problem to evaluate candidates. I measure the width of the ear. Saves time and works just as well.
In a high-school basketball game, I made a steal and took the ball all the way down for a layup. Too bad it was the wrong basket. #ImDumb
Noise doesn't usually bother me when I'm sleeping, but the rustling of a cat wakes me right up. Guess it makes sense. Cats used to eat us.
I hate when companies send you a new credit card with a new number. Your automatic electronic payment apparatus comes crashing down.
Stephen Wolfram idea: AI takeover won't be war Terminator style. We will just follow the machines because they know better, like with GPS.
It's too much to say that it changed my life, but this talk allowed me to appreciate my existence at a deep level. https://t.co/mTX0nZVQ2t
The family and I watched Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (from 2005) today. Pretty good. If you have kids who like wacky, I recommend it.
Coffee is always too hot. I want to drink it now, damn it!
The Man makes sure you stay on the straight and narrow, even on nature walks. https://t.co/wgcsOMUhl2
Deep learning is like cooking. You get the ingredients together and then peek in the oven periodically to check on it. #ModelAlmostReady
Finally saw Gone Girl last night. The entire premise (his location) is destroyed, along with lots of other movies, by cell-phone tracking.
There's a bird or cricket here that chirps just like a smoke alarm with low battery. Every time I hear it, I brace myself to be annoyed.
My Twitter feed has transformed over the years from being a stream of ideas to being a stream of pointers to ideas.
Reading Light in August by William Faulkner. It's a little tedious, but "Bitchery and Abomination" is the name of my next soccer team.
The most 2016 headline I've ever seen, "7 Meditation Apps and Devices for Mindful Entrepreneurs". Presented, presumably, in seriousness.
I was 5 years old, and people are playing baseball on my bike trail. Who has the right-of-way? I ride through. They yell. I guess they did.
Hiking and shoes fell apart 1.5 miles out. Haven't gone barefoot since I stepped in broken glass when I was 6. @Nike https://t.co/VRGx8bki95
I mowed lawns in high school. A popular girl once came to me in the hall, yelling my name. "Jon, my dad wants to know if you can mow today."
Watched "Bridge of Spies." They say it was good b/c he was an everyman. I liked it, but I think that was its flaw. He seemed too perfect.
I bought some Austin-based hipster beer. My wife: "What is that?" Me: "Beer." My wife: "Looks like sissy beer to me." #RoughAroundHere"
Stopped at Redbox, guy there had a flat tire, needed a jack, but he also had to go to Walmart, on his way to Mexico. I now have no jack.
Funny. When someone edits my work, there are lots of comments at the beginning, but then they trail off. I must write better toward the end.
Deep learning is like training up a little brain. You set up the architecture, and then you feed it examples until it converges, or doesn't.
I still remember when my 7th-grade social studies teacher taught us to fold a map. Said it'd be a skill weâ€™d need for the rest of our lives.
I like the idea of a universal basic income, but I worry about people feeling helpless. We all have a drive to compete and control our fate.
Yeah, if you haven't seen this Sizzler commercial from 1991, you need to get on that https://t.co/K1079gFFjy
As a Texan, it's weird to see people happily rolling around in the grass in TV commercials. I want to yell, "Get up, you fools!" #FireAnts
Funny. Couldn't decide if I wanted it to rain tomorrow, then I realized it wasn't up to me.
I often remember the character in The Stand by @StephenKing talking about how sweet the air smelled with most humans, and pollution, gone.
Somebody stole my lunch and didn't even have the decency to cover up the crime. https://t.co/DITKlfMaYe
We should explain to high-school kids that the more education they get, the fewer people they'll have in their life telling them what to do.
1. You read something and are confused. 2. You think about it. 3. You finally understand and write it. 4. You see that's what was written.
RT @JohnRGregg3: "Meditation is better than medication"? Sure, that's what Big Zen wants you to think.
My son, age 9, said he was going to give me some "free advice" for my birthday. I haven't learned what that advice is yet.
I bet that in Hell all the spoons have little nicks on the outside.
What you eatin' Lou?
So depressing when during the process of tracking down a problem you find another problem. #ProblemsAllTheWayDown
Are machines intelligent yet? There are two definitions of intelligence: 1. Like a thermostat (yes) 2. Reasoning from first principles (no)
Forgot to return Redbox movie again. I'm beginning to think that absent-mindedness is their entire business model.
Funny. When I pictured myself as an adult, I saw myself watching #Frontline in my study. I do that now, except I watch in the living room.
Needed toothpaste, but I was at Costco, so my only option was to get a lifetime supply. Don't even like this kind. https://t.co/PprKOQTrHX
The term "white paper" has a negative connotation. From now on, I will write "monographs."
My favorite April Fools joke when I was a kinder soccer coach: email parents about new two-a-day practices beginning at 6am.
Funny how "Inventor" is no longer a job title. I always think of that guy from Gremlins.
Cool! Didn't know about UberPool ridesharing. In the Dominican Republic I got to work by "carro publico." We'd all cram in and off we'd go.
Just saw an advertisement for a senior postdoc position. Clearly the word postdoc doesn't mean what I think it means.
It's weird to me when people point to the internet as a cause of isolation. Before the web, when you were alone, you were entirely alone.
I can't tell if there are multiple ants in this room, or if the same ant just keeps showing up in a lot of places.
Watched Benji, from 1974, with the kids. They were amazed at how slow it was. First 20 minutes you just watch this dog roam a neighborhood.
Funny how the expression "we are out of the woods" means things are now okay. I spend a large portion of my day wishing I were IN the woods.
With oil prices low, we should raise the gas tax. Help the planet, reduce congestion, and fix our roads in one fell swoop.
I wonder if advanced alien races have to deal with version incompatibilities in their software. I'll just change this function signature ...
I used Emacs for 8 years. Then I didn't use it for a year and forgot all the key bindings. Now I'm reduced to using Nano on remote machines.
My bedtime reading (bedtime story) has to be nonfiction so I don't stay up all night. Right now, it's Steven Pinker's The Stuff of Thought.
It's funny. Cats used to terrorize our ancestors by murdering us for food, and now we keep miniature versions of them in our houses.
Is anyone else tired of hearing about how awesome Finland is? No? Okay. Carry on.
Sleep is for suckers.
I guess our fascination with the apocalypse comes from our desire to revert back to being hunter gatherers. We can't escape our nature.
When I realized I was dreaming, I tried to post it on Twitter, but there is no internet in dreams.
Had a dream last night, and I knew I was dreaming because I had memories of events that haddened happened yet at the time the dream was set.
Dijkstra supposidly said that "pictures are for weak minds," but I find that my best technical work starts with drawing diagrams.
Just watched that scene in Dumbo where they show kids how much fun alcohol can be. #PinkElephantsOnParade
Hate when I'm mad about something petty. They say we should drop such things and move on, but our inner Braveheart keeps yelling "Freedom!"
If you are wondering if the DMV is still as crappy as legend, I can affirm that it is. Wow.
1990 had a soccer tournament and stayed at the Driskill hotel in Austin. Just walked in to see if memories would come flooding back. Nope.
Watched Chappie last night. Pretty stupid. But I liked how he triggered maternal instincts. More revealing robot movie: Robot and Frank.
Just finished The Heart of the Matter by Graham Greene. Honest book about middle age and how the path to hell is paved with good intentions.
My artificial intelligence startup Deep Grammar has a new website. Check it out! https://t.co/BygKKyV3KC
I don't know about this gradual approach to self-driving cars. I'm either doing something, or I'm not doing something. There is no try.
80k years ago, we had to worry about getting eaten by preditors when out and about, now our only concern is getting run over by cars.
Finally saw Quest for Fire. A move set 80 thousand years ago that was made 35 years ago that was on my list for 20 years.
One of the best headlines I've seen in a while: "Wild gorillas compose happy songs that they hum during meals" https://t.co/fq3wuMOFGN
Weird. California enforces jaywalking. Walked across the empty street and saw my friends looking at me like I was a Neanderthal. #NaturalMan
Just watched the movie Trainwreck. I'm not a sports guy, but the I think the athletes was the best part, especially LeBron James.
Once washed up on a beach in Mexico trying to surf. Kid holding a bird walks up and says, "Want advice? Don't surf this beach." #HateThatKid
A weird thing about getting older is common terms from my youth become esoteric. Saw an article that linked to the definition for "dogpile."
It would be cool to have giraffes roaming around our neighborhoods like deer do.
Spent all day hacking at the undergrowth. No way to know if making progress. Hopefully, I'll step into a clearing tomorrow.
I swear, I saw all of the messages. Please put that little red notification circle with the number away.
When you first meet someone, their foibles are annoying. But they grow on you over time. "That's just Bob, he likes to sucker punch people."
"By 2050, it's estimated the oceans will contain more plastic than fish, by weight." What? https://t.co/fbkhj3WTEe
Local newspaper reported that residents wanted streets widened for emergency vehicles. When asked if they wanted smaller yards they said no.
Just finished The Laughing Monsters by Denis Johnson. Loved it. How did this book only get 3 stars on Amazon? What's wrong with you people?
My wife, incredulous "You played football?" When I told her I played linebacker in Jr. High, she just starts laughing. She's still laughing.
Had the greatest adventure dream last night. It wasn't fun, exactly, people were trying to kill me. But man. Anyway, I'm off to the office.
To us, it's a balloon filled with helium. But to a cat, it's a floating head of death, apparently
If I ever have to fight my worst enemy to the death, I hope that we have witty banter beforehand, like in the movies.
Why doesn't the grammar checker for Microsoft Word treat equations as nouns? Their math people should have lunch with their grammar people.
I hate decisions. I wish I could split myself into pieces and take all possible paths.
My morning was peak Austin. Met a guy at a coffee shop with latte art and breakfast tacos to hear about his startup. Ended up pitching mine.
The gals are having are lot of fun today. #HowMyDaughterPlaysStarWars https://t.co/d9LVBy2MmV
My office is exactly too warm to wear a sweater and too cold not to.
Apples are only 100 calories, so I buy the biggest ones I can.
Went downstairs, but there was no coffee. I half expected someone from my family to say, "Coffee's for closers only." It's that kind of day.
The fan on my Windows laptop spins like it's doing something really important, but we both know that it's not.
We need a movie about Neanderthals. It's crazy that was only 30k years ago. It could be about the fight for Europe and how we interbred.
If you were to ask me at the turn of the millennium what I thought would be hip 15 years later, I would not have guessed Brussels sprouts.
I watched Last Days in Vietnam last night. I love how they merged stories from people who were there with footage of the events described.
I love having the windows open so the inside becomes the outside.
Fresh peas are a little like miniature Brussels sprouts.
Saw Chronicles of Narnia. I said I wanted a house in the English countryside, but my son (age 12) was worried you'd need a septic tank.
Just finished The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons by @sam_kean. The history of neuroscience from a master storyteller. Great book.
Wow, this is kinda weird: "Churches Are Using Facial Recognition to Track Members" https://t.co/jAJBef1WW8
Microwaves do a great job at heating up dishes, less so at heating up food.
I just used the phrase "I like bright happy colors" in an email. My 90s-grunge-self would be appalled.
Rough day out on the ranch. Had to tighten our belt, scale back, shelter in place, lick our wounds, live low on the hog, eat cake, ...
Watched Whiplash last night. More blood than I expected. Reminded me of The Black Swan.
The cat always looks at me like he has no idea what I'm talking about.
"I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul." I like showing my kid funny clips. This one is next. https://t.co/yLZ8NCi4by
Someone should write a browser plugin that hides stock photographs. There'd be less clutter, and no information would be lost.
I always click "Remember Me" but it never does.
"You are on the fastest route and your route is clear." Good to know, wish I had such assurances for the rest of my life.
I was going to do something before I forgot, then I realized I had to do this other thing before I forgot. Now, dang, what was that thing?
Remember the old joke about needing to go into autoexec.bat and setting BUGS=OFF? I just did something similar in CSS.
Pretty good review of the recent movie Spectre. About a man battling his alcoholic demons. https://t.co/BJdSzEFTAa
Watched Interstellar with my daughter (age 5). She had all kinds of questions. Why is he old? Blight? Where is that? In the bookshelf?
"a made-up numerator was mushed on top of a made-up denominator, and a beautiful bouncing baby factoid was born." https://t.co/IHlSoNJ3a8
Darth Vader appears to be quite the ladies man. Set up by my daughter, age 5. #PoorWoody https://t.co/CnJ0WEIQ5B
RT @MindShiftKQED: Pixar In A Box Teaches Math Through Real Animation Challenges https://t.co/WbihBJlpb9 #edchat #edtech #stem https://t.coâ€¦
Just called my hotel and told them I had to cancel my reservation because of the "resort fee." Just make the price the price.
I make a lot of dumb mistakes when I write, so I created a grammar checker based on #deeplearning. Check it out!  https://t.co/XmL2y2g5Gy
Check out this essay on the social effects of WWII. (Well, so far, I'm taking the kids to the science museum.)  https://t.co/8wl9ViEP2Y
The great thing about reading PhD dissertations to learn new areas is that they start at the beginning.
"During the Middle Ages, smell was the unspoken plague of cities. Today it is sound." https://t.co/6hKnPAhTaZ
My kid participates in Math Pentathlon. Kids play board games and can "challenge" moves of opponents. Not much math but good lawyer training
Watched Rosewater last night, a movie about a journalist held captive in Iran in 2009. Good to see a movie about real life.
Got a pair of socks with a lifetime guarantee. The company isn't worried--they know I will lose the socks before wearing them out.
Finished reading The Big Sleep by Chandler. I'm not a fan of detective stories, but this one arguably started it all. And singular writing.
Flyer from my local Republican representative promises to get the EPA off my back. Who are these people concerned about too much clean air?
My son (age 9): "Where are you going?" Me: "Soccer." My son: "Bring your phone." Me: "Why?" My son: "We need to track you." #ModernWorld
""IOError: [Errno 28] No space left on device" My brain feels like that some days."
If you were to show this video to space aliens, we wouldn't look so bad. A little nuts, but worth getting to know. https://t.co/OAJnYzVPlJ
History will likely view the arrival of the Internet as an instantaneous event, but in our lives it was a phased transition.
Just went into a bank for the first time in years. It was nice, the people seemed to be happy to have someone to talk to.
I dislike user interfaces that change the screen as I move my mouse around. The world has too much blooming, buzzing confusion as it is.
Fruitcake got a bad rap. I think it's pretty good, especially with coffee.
Each of the 700,000,000 photos put on Facebook every day goes in a neural network for object recognition and one for face recognition #LeCun
I want AI to tell me how to organize matter so I can create wormholes or find vaccines. Also, I want it to write funny stories and teach me.
With fiction, I want the author to get the scene into my head quickly. I don't want a picture to be painted; I want to live new experience.
Finished reading Appointment in Samarra by John O'Hara. Great writing and a revealing take on the place of Catholics and Jews in 1930s USA.
Funny how kids learn concepts in school in the same order that humanity acquired them. First animals, then numbers and letters, then words.
I watched a movie last night that ends with the protagonist riding a ski lift next to a frozen turkey. Stroszek https://t.co/ofEhCaxeZU
"I don't get it. Well, I get it; I just don't see why you think it's so funny." My son, in response to my jokes.
It's hard to learn by reading because the author doesn't know what you know. If she did, she could just explain it, and that would be it.
I love being at work when nobody else is here. I pretend that the office is my big apartment.
The world is full of fraudsters and swindlers, but few are as nefarious as the Kale Cranberry Pepita Salad. It has 560 calories per cup.
Watched the movie Predestination. Loved it. I'm a sucker for time travel movies. Also, watch it if you want to know what parenting is like.
How many calories in four chocolate chip pancakes? Asking for a friend. Also, totally worth it.
When people post black and white pictures of themselves, my brain initially concludes that they are time travelers. Remember 12 Monkeys?
Ah, students today and their fancy internet. When I was a kid, our encyclopedias only went up to R, so that limited the reports I could do.
This is pretty funny, and pretty sad. "One in five kids believe everything Google tells them." --Wired https://t.co/bO9EKxAyNM
Remember Yahoo! Answers and how terrible they were? The answers on Quora are actually pretty good. I wonder what caused this difference.
This would be a funny thing to show your kids to demonstrate the power of digital photo manipulation. Gimp is free. https://t.co/NhyohVJv04
Nothing like a process-spawning infinite loop to liven up your afternoon. Remember the fear of "grey goo" from about 15 years ago?
I dislike when restaurants have TVs in them. It's hard to ignore something explicitly designed to capture your attention.
You know it's a bad day when it ends with a post to StackOverflow and a cheap glass of wine.
Every thing I deal with today is a problem. Operands won't broadcast. Header files can't be found. VMs don't deploy. Cats refuse to dance.
Watched the movie Inherent Vice the other day. Had no idea what was going on, but I loved the feel of the movie.
I think I don't like stock photographs because using them is lazy. The effect is the same as bloated writing. We need less talk, more rock.
Kids seem more likely to suffer from anxiety these days. Maybe because they don't go outside anymore. Trees and sky give us perspective.
Onion Headline: "Little Leaguer Haunted By 386 Errors He Made Last Season" https://t.co/nlqTuNGHHE
Power went out for 10 min. last night. Immediately went outside to enjoy the blackness. I've never seen my neighborhood that dark before.
I get about 5 emails a week from companies asking for "feedback." But when you bother to contact them to complain, they don't seem to care.
My son just asked if he could get a particle accelerator for Christmas. #ThatsMyBoy
They need to come out with pillows that stay cool.
Deep learning allows us to move beyond the brittleness of symbols for natural language processing. Blog post I wrote https://t.co/lCNAjux0An
It's funny how you can't fall asleep until you don't care whether you do.
"The price of the Internet of Things will be a vague dread of a malicious world" I knew I didn't trust that blender. https://t.co/6h1Hi7UTor
When will this start affecting property values? "Even drastic emissions cuts can't save New Orleans and Miami" https://t.co/haPATiMea8
I wrote an understandable explanation of how deep learning can be used for natural language processing #deeplearning https://t.co/lCNAjux0An
So close to open-middle-seat  bliss, but then the last guy on the plane decides he wants to sit next to me. Next time. #hopespringseternal
My hotel has a convenient web check-in. Upon arrival, all you have to do is go to the front desk and present ID and credit card to get keys.
Saw "Generation War" last night. German movie about WWII. I've never seen a movie that did such a good job depicting how people are changed.
Maybe memories seem magical because they don't contain our mental life; they are only of experiences. Real moments are cluttered by thoughts
Got over a foot of rain. Had to rescue the neighbors dogs (humblebrag). Dogs usually hate me, but these didn't try to murder me at all.
Finally moved from CouchDB to MongoDB. The lack of Python documentation and difficult query method are what pushed me over.
Kids often have special stuffed animals. They are "alive" within the mind of the child. What's a word to describe that? "Totem" is close.
Companies like to bring down their sites on Sunday nights for maintenance, which is precisely when I run my digital errands.
When we drive through rural areas, my daughter (age 5) like to point out the Sasquatch she sees. She must have good eyesight.
At my parents' house, we have a TV within a TV. #TVsAllTheWayDown https://t.co/fE4svBhCDj
Funny how a person's area code is now determined by where they lived when cell phones became widely available.
With so much new med tech, I worry how we are going to decide who gets what care at end of life.  Also see @ShoshUMD https://t.co/Z63eUqcjv7
In high school I work at this pizza place. Manager takes my pizza out of the oven, says it looks good except NO CHEESE! #BackToWashingDishes
I generally believe that purists exist for our amusement.
Finally reading All the Light We Cannot See, and I gotta say, I think it deserves the hype. Great book. Love how radio is portrayed.
What learning feels like. http://t.co/Bu3xmYeak5
I want to say "This talk will provide a comprehensible introduction" but I don't want to confuse with "comprehensive" which is the opposite.
When doing soccer drills with my son I like to "end on a good one." But what if we should end on a mistake so his mind can turn it over?
Looking around my bedroom as if I were a caveman seeing it all for the first time. Pictures would look like little people trapped in boxes.
I used to dread writing conclusions, but now I see the conclusion as an opportunity to fit in nuggets that couldn't find their place.
Worked so late that the gym was closed. That's a darn shame. Taco truck was still open though.
I don't know why, but every time I write a blog post, I want to start it with "Call me Ishmael."
Article describes the effect of outsourcing on communities. It will only get worse. The next workers will be robots. http://t.co/f9GMtNYXUR
A movement is underway to ban billboards. Wonderful. I hate those things. We all suffer for the gain of a few. http://t.co/oT3aYV3DEm
Just got back from lunch. Man, I hate flies. Weren't we supposed to have laser fly zappers by now?
Reading Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep and wondering who around me is an android. Anyway, gonna turn on the TV to watch Buster Friendly
Watched Full Metal Jacket. I finally have context for all of those quotes kids kept repeating in Jr. High ... "What's his name!?"
Interesting 13-minute documentary on prison reform. http://t.co/7ZTNmv9V7k
I wish as a society we would decide what "no sugar added" means. You have to be a chemist to know whether it contains artificial sweetener.
It's a shame that comment sections on news articles are so polluted. I'm often curious to see what thoughtful people have to say.
"The luxury of silence" http://t.co/xtq5AYGH51 Yeah, the beep beep beep of trucks is the worst, followed by leaf blowers, and televisions.
I once read that red wine should be served at room temperature, but room temperature in a European castle, so about 60 degrees. I concur.
I love when I get text messages from my wife that start with, "Don't freak out."
Ate nachos for lunch. Probably my favorite food. Beavis and I have more in common than I'd like to admit. #FineDining
Good. I hate that people just throw those everywhere. "Paris battles cigarette butts with new fine." http://t.co/DwGs4PrBpf
I just learned that there is a thing called "driving shoes." I didn't know I was supposed to wear special shoes. How did I pass drivers ed?
Finally watched the latest Mad Max. I didn't realize it was a road-trip movie.
Wow, this is a beautiful picture. http://t.co/D9vlbbUzMN
Wife was mad because I pinched our son during a wedding. It didn't even help when I explained that he pinched me first.
That brings back some memories. http://t.co/6CxgZo5DPD
I remember watching the 1984 Summer Olympics at my aunt's house in Milwaukee. I was 11 years old, the same age as my oldest son now.
Every computer interface should have machine learning embedded to learn your preferences, like a shoe stretching to fit your foot.
Abandoned the book Hyperion. Just couldn't get into it. I guess I finally know what a "space opera" is, and I know it's not my thing.
Funny. "No use crying over spilled milk" once referred to losing a precious resource. Now it's more the pain of having to get a paper towel.
Cats don't like to wrestle.
It would be nice if we could abandon all of this inane talk about celebrities and go back to gossiping about people that we actually know.
Amazing how worthless I would be if you sent me back in time 10,000 years. I could describe amazing technology but couldn't build any of it.
I can't believe we still have pennies. They aren't even worth picking up off the ground.
Sometimes you wake and wish the adventure dream you were having didn't have to end. I want video games with that much excitement and realism
Why isn't there an app that lets me share photos with all my social media sites? Facebook, G+, Twitter. Oh yeah, #NoProfitInFreedom
This weekend, I was able to convince my youngest son, age 7, to branch beyond chicken nuggets to Orange Chicken. #CulinaryVictory
I've found that being a fair-weather sports fan is a real time saver.
My son, age 7, was playing "restaurant," and the first thing he did was set up security cameras. #ModernWorld
I don't know why, but refactoring code is a lot of fun. #OddlySatisfying
Happiness is working on your projects.
I can't tell if cats really enjoy the laser pointer, or if they find it profoundly frustrating.
Remember when you could burn information? Dump out the files and set them on fire? Now, everything's backed up in 20 databases.
Multiple background voices can be soothing for concentration, but trying to ignore a single conversation is a hell that hath no comparison.
I hate when I look up a concept on Wikipedia and the first sentence is incomprehensible. #Macrophage
I estimate that my youngest son has spent 20% of his waking life looking for misplaced objects.
As a computer scientist, DNA troubles me. I want it to be the source code for a person, but it's not that simple.
My son, age 7, was frustrated that he couldn't open a package of scissors. I told him to get some scissors. He was not amused.
I once heard that squirrels don't remember where they bury nuts. Instead, to find nuts, they look in good places to bury nuts. Anyone know?
Sad how patents morphed from *how* to do things to *what* to do. Today, Eli Whitney could patent "a machine to separate cotton from seeds."
I like that term "robot smog" by Illah Nourbakhsh. I love the idea of flying robots, but I dread the possibility of more noise pollution.
I love the sound of rain.
It's hard to travel right. You go from one homogeneous hotel to the next. I want to see real lives.
Imagine being Rick Astley. Every time you walk into a room unexpectedly, you rickroll everyone there.
"No? I thought you were the king of all things old?"   --My 25-year-old co-worker asking me if I'd ever heard of a card game named Magic.
Depositing checks has really changed in my lifetime. 1. Goto bank. 2. Goto ATM w/ form & envelope. 3. Goto ATM put them in. 4. Take picture.
The term "happily married" probably needs to be retired ... Oh, you're HAPPILY married; why didn't you say so?
I love crazy expressions. "There's more than one way to skin a cat." Why on earth would you want to do that?
I wonder what the brain's equivalent of a log file is.
Sugar is the enemy. Sugar gives me life. #Productivity
You wake up to some dreams that feel so real. It feels like you should be able to talk to the other people in them about the experience.
Sometimes, you can make a boring task fun by automating part of it. Sometimes, getting organized helps. Other times, well ...
Spelling bees are profoundly boring until your kid gets up there; then they're terrifying.
Popular culture celebrates sticking to your guns in an argument, I wish it celebrated being open minded with the same vigor
Remember all the hype in the 1990s about hydrogen powered cars? It looks like we'll have self-driving cars first. I would not have guessed.
Next time I get to name a band or soccer team, it's gonna be called java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError.
Dreamed I played basketball with a giant strawberry for a ball. And there were South American soccer players camped out outside my window.
Java is the stubborn mule of programming languages. #ClassNotFoundException
Sometimes, I could swear that Java is being deliberately obtuse when it comes to finding classes. #Stubborn
Amazing how you can read something and think, "OK, I got it," and then start doing it and realize that you don't got it. #HiddenDetails
So I'm at the grocery store, and suddenly this guy is looking at me all weird. Turns out, I was putting my stuff in his basket. #Oops
Yeah, so what happened to the famous London fog? I've never seen it. I guess it was air pollution that finally got cleaned up.
My blog has 113,350 comments awaiting moderation---all of them spam.
Companies who send me mail seem to be unclear on the meaning of the word "important." #ImportantInformationEnclosed
In games, someone else has done the interesting work of defining the world. You just wander within the confines of the designer's mind.
I pity those who make hot chocolate with water instead of coffee.
It's always weird to me when a pen runs out of ink. I generally lose them before we get to that point.
Watched The East. Pretty disappointed. Cliche after cliche. And it didn't even do a good job of laying out the issues.
"Do you remember before the internet?" I love that question. It points to a divide. My kids will wonder how we found people or ordered pizza
Baking a pie seems like a reasonable thing to do, but if you buy the ingredients at Whole Foods, that treat will cost you just south of $50.
When I was younger, I used to sit around and wonder all day why we were here. Now, I just go to meetings.
I wish that there were a BuzzFeed for middle-aged people who don't care about celebrities.
Someday, it's going to seem barbaric that we drove our own cars. Especially since we frequently drove them into trees.
I want to be pulled by the day instead of being pushed through by the things I have to do.
I can't make myself go workout. But I can make myself drive to the gym. Then, I can make myself go inside. Once inside I'm too lazy to leave
Brought my own olive oil to work for salads. Getting fancy, but they forced my hand. "Olive oil dressing" is mostly sunflower oil.
One time, people broke into my apartment to vacuum. I came home and the carpet looked great. Weirdest thing.
It's funny how we all think that rapidly changing weather is unique to our own locale.
Alright. I've read pretty much the whole internet. Time to get back to work.
I discovered something profound today. You can treat cauliflower like squash and put lots of pepper on it. That vastly improves things.
I just used the adjective "googleable." I win.
"The user name or password entered is incorrect. Or maybe our service is down or our servers aren't synced. Or, anything really. Go away."
Went to sell my car once. Guy asked if I took care of it. I said yes. He opened the hood and found a bird's nest in the engine compartment.
My first Google search was "Eiffel Tower." The next search was "Walmart," and the fourth result was how to buy Eiffel Towers at Walmart.
Going to a seminar on leadership seems to be a bit of an oxymoron. Leadership isn't a thing--it's a byproduct of implementing change.
That song "Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off" is interesting. It is so sweet. You wouldn't expect that from the title.
Dreamed about the apocalypse last night. The warlord would throw rocks at you if you wouldn't join his clan. I really needed a machine gun.
I made the mistake of feeding the cats once. Now, they think that I do things, and they hassle me to no end.
As a Python programmer, I find the keyword "new" in Java to be confusing because it is superfluous.
You don't hear much about bazookas anymore. Why is that?
Remember when TV stations used to stop broadcasting late each night? There was literally nothing on except bars of color.
"What does your garage door say about you?" --TV
I feel like a sucker saving for retirement when medical bills from a heart attack could wipe me out. Or there could be a robot apocalypse.
I was once at a party where someone spilled red wine, and they used white wine to clean it up. I wonder if the opposite would work.
I've got a bad case of hiccups. It's 2015, and a paper bag is our most advanced hiccup-related technology.
I've read about 20% of Confederacy of Dunces, and I haven't decided if I will finish it. It is pretty darn funny, but it's no Catch-22.
It's funny how, in a group, the result of hoarding is more hoarding.
Who remembers TQM?  (Total Quality Management) It was all the rage back in the 90s, but I never could get anytime to tell me what it was.
I never understood what writer's block was until today, when I wrote well and realized that writer's block to me was like water to a fish.
My son, age 7, got a letter from our health insurance company. It begins, "Please read this letter for important information about your ..."
You people who don't eat much, does your body not tell you that you are hungry? Or do you suffer suffering better than the rest of us?
Neighbors got a new scary dog. I decided to go over and meet him so I could get on his list of people not to murder.
Wife complains I can't find anything in the pantry. I tell her scientists say the eyes dart around and only see small bits. #NotImpressed
Google is huge in our lives, but you can't call them. Easiest way to get customer service is to get a PhD and wait for a recruiter to call.
Who versus whom. I can be pretentious, or I can be correct. But I can't win.
Recently watched Mud. I got to say, I think it was overrated. But I did like the juxtaposition of old and new environments at the very end.
Sudafed makes me feel both tired and wired at the same time. But hey, at least I don't have a runny nose.
It's funny. In sports, it is a good thing to be "on fire." That is not true in real life.
I sometimes wonder if our entire lives and thoughts are shaped by a few dozen random events. Those that make us go: "From now on ..."
Remember using quarters to save your place in line for an arcade game? Somehow, the next quarter always belonged to the biggest kid.
My wife wants me to take my smartphone with me when I go for walks, but having the internet with me kind of defeats the point of the walk.
Funny how the big moments of our lives only feel big in retrospect. At the time, they just feel like life.
They say that we have an inborn fear of snakes. If so, why don't dogs have it? If they do, why do they get bit so often?
I love those quotes that say you shouldn't care what anyone thinks. There's a name for people like that: "psychopath."
It's amazing how much we talk with our hands. That old joke about doing an interpretive dance isn't that far off.
Now, if Google and Facebook paid you when they used your face in an ad, that would be different. I know, free service and all that, but
Youth soccer. Funny, when your kids scores a goal, you feel more relief than joy.
I'm trying to teach my kids the Zen perspective. When the noise in our head gets too loud, the here-and-now is a great thing to fall back on
Adults see possible danger as probable, but adolescents equate low probably with zero probability. We've seen more rolls of the dice.
Each new generation is more fit for the modern world and less fit for the natural one. I'm a caveman compared with my kids.
I'd rather have cold coffee than burned coffee.
cantaloupe or muskmelon?
Worries are just like a stack of plates. Only one is visible at once, and when you remove it, the next one immediately appears.
According to Facebook, my friends spend most of their time hanging out with famous people.
Recently watched Cloud Atlas. I have no idea what that was all about, but I applaud the effort of making something different.
Once sent our robot off to be repaired, and my son, age 7, asked when he was going to "come back home." Like he was a person.
Imagine how many hours we waste every year as a society filling up our rental cars with two gallons of gas before returning them.
Hate when I can't find my mouse pointer. Even worse with two screens.
If you survived the apocalypse and were the only person left, for how long would you continue to use your turn signal?
Weird that scientists and religious folk are at odds. They share the same beautiful trait of caring about something bigger than themselves.
Recently watched Anna Karenina. That movie would make no sense at all if I hadn't read the book.
Took my son, age 7, to a pond. He said, "Wow, it was neat to get up close. Like seeing it in HD." #ModernKids
It's amazing how busy I've been the last few days doing nothing.
I've come to love configuration files. #NotSomethingYouHearEveryDay They are beautiful in their own way, they harbor no secrets.
You know that point you get during debugging where you no longer trust anything? Like, is the printf library function corrupted? Yep.
In college, we registered for classes on a computer, but we had to call that computer on a telephone. 67552# for History 101 at 8am.
Saw a graphing calculator at the store. Why do people still use those? Aren't there apps with better graphics and better calculating?
On my walk, a snake dropped out of a tree and fell in the path right in front of me. It didn't even offer me an apple. #Texas
I'm trying to understand the purpose of figurative language. It's like a shortcut that's longer than the direct route. Any ideas?
Recently watched Oblivion, and I got to say, it was pretty darn good.
Gomer Pyle rocks. He is above all of our silly madness.
After the apocalypse, it would be weird to see all the solar yard lights pointing at empty houses. #TheMoreYouKnow
It's funny how deep questions and ignorant questions look alike. E.g., what is science?
"I believe that you are confusing Obama Care with Apple Care." Pretty good SNL line.
It's amazing how small other stores seem after spending time in Costco. Whole Foods feels like a 7-11.
Abbreviations are from the devil.
My wife hates to send me to the grocery store because I return home with all kinds of crazy stuff that isn't on the list.
I just put a package in the microwave that promises to "expand my culinary horizons." That's big talk for a frozen dinner.
I want some Doritos to fill that little hole in my soul.
I'm catching up on classic literature, but only those works I can understand with a single reading. The rest must wait until I retire.
What does a lobbyist do, exactly? Why would anyone in power listen to someone who was paid to have an opinion?
The world is run by early risers. These people must be stopped.
I once called the front desk and asked the guy if he could tell me the checkout time. He said, "No." I said, "Ok." He hung up.
I wish that hotels allowed you to open the windows.
I love how hotels still have telephones. They now serve as glorified CBs to talk to the front desk. Hey there bellhop, you got your ears on?
I like a lot of kids movies, but I just can't get into these Ice Age films.
I always feel like Elmer Fudd when I say the word "specificity."
This Pope Francis seems like a surprisingly reasonable guy.
I can never remember if the word "accuracy" has two 'c's or two 'r's.
Potato chips are the worst. Simple carbs and high calories, AND WE CAN'T STOP EATING THEM. We're like insects to a diabetes bug zapper.
My guess is that, in 30 years, military superiority will come down to which nation has the most powerful artificial intelligence.
It's funny, sometimes you try to do one task, and you just can't get into it--but you switch tasks and suddenly your body and mind perk up.
Computer work isn't like heavy lifting. A strong person can carry twice as much as a weaker one, but a good technologist can outwork a group
I find the constantly changing diet advice to be frustrating. Avoid fat! No, avoid carbs! Drink water! Never mind. Eat breakfast! Skip it.
Burned my finger boiling vegetables. They are not as healthful as claimed.
Today stats: 2 followers, 8 unfollowers, 16 followers offended, ignored by 5789, 14 followers annoyed, 3 followers asked about my house cat.
I can't believe that I'm middle aged. I try to grab life as it goes by, but it's slippery.
John Denver says you are a poor man if you've never seen an eagle fly. Well, I have seen plenty of turkey vultures.
Funny how little we change over the years. In high school, I used to go for runs in the middle of the night. Now, 25 years later, I still do
Funny how you immediately become thirsty the moment you run out of water.
I love the smell of coffee in the morning. It smells like victory.
Pandora lets me finally read the lyrics to all those songs I heard ad nauseam in car during the 1980s. Some were surprisingly good.
Dreamed that Jon Bon Jovi gave me a ride across campus in an old Cadillac. I guess he's not such a bad guy after all.
Free money often costs more than it's worth.
I feel lucky to have a job where I learn every day. The world changes so fast--you have to run to keep up. #scary
I just wrote the word "print" and Google Docs flagged it as misspelled. It wanted me to write "printf". How cool is that?
The movie I watched about a tire that comes to life and starts killing people wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be.
I actually like the idea of a homeowners association, but the implementation is flawed. Only the conscientious are punished. Others ignore.
We judge ourselves by the best examples of our work, but our competitors and adversaries judge us by our worst examples.
Why is slapstick funny? Does anyone know?
Litter offends the beauty of nature. We could build litter-cleaning robots, but then people would just throw more. #RobotsGetNoRespect
Told my wife I rented a movie about an automobile tire that comes to life and murders people. She just walked out of the room. #Marriage
Going to the bookstore is the old-fashioned version of surfing the web.
I want to get rid of my old CDs, but I don't want to get rid of all those pointers to my old memories.
Security measures like door locks and antivirus programs sadden me. Protecting ourselves from ourselves makes life unnecessarily complex.
A tweet said a marijuana book was an "easy read." I suspect that there are few successful books on marijuana that are challenging reads.
My daughter, age 4, was angry the other day and said that she was going to put on her "mad shoes."
I'd feel more reassured that philosophers aren't just making stuff up if they pointed more to concrete ideas and less to other philosophers.
Told Mom about my latest get-rich-quick scheme. Just what every mom wants to hear. This one isn't even quick, and it won't make much money.
Health insurance companies have come up with an uncountable number different kinds of deductible. They put the Hilbert Hotel to shame.
Pop songs like to proclaim that it is better to feel pain than nothing at all. I'm not so sure. Comfortably numb is pretty good.
Finally saw Sleep Dealer (Traficante de Suenos). If you like dystopian movies about migrant works and drones, this one's for you. I loved it
I'm having one of those brief moments where I feel 20 years younger. Know what I mean? Uh, yes, I am blaring Steve Winwood. What of it?
I just cited David Attenborough in a cyber security document.
Finally reading The Kite Runner. I had put it off because I thought it would be cheesy and happy. I didn't expect Deliverance.
I love how sports give us something pleasant to worry about. I'd rather ruminate about the home team than the future of my children.
Being conscious slows life down. As we get older, we do more on autopilot, and that is probably why time seems to speed up.
(Someday, I'm going to write a whole chapter as a parenthetical.)
Recently watched Lincoln. I wish that soundtrack would play every time I spoke in a meeting. I think I'll bring a tape player to work.
Letter from SiriusXM says that if I sign up there are no cancellation fees. They should also tout that they won't punch me in the face.
Paying bills is one of those rare activities that is both tedious and depressing.
It's amazing how many times I have to rewrite my work before it is decent.
In college, beer was the sacred drink. There were rituals and incantations. In adulthood, the sacred drink is coffee.
Kids don't get out in nature enough. To fix this, I'm building an app so that they can virtually visit a forest! #UnclearOnTheConcept
My coworkers didn't know what a radio button was. The knew about the kind on a computer screen, but about an actual radio button you push in
"In response to warnings that its toilets could be hacked, INAX said it issued a security update for its toilets this month." #FutureIsHere
I recently learned about the "Year 2038 Problem" where the 32-bit date variables will overflow. I still have the bunker I dug for Y2K.
Should the streets be widened to help emergency vehicles? Of course. Should my yard be shortened to widen the street? Get off my property.
The boy said my name's Johnny, and it might be a sin, but I'll take your bet, and you're gonna regret, because I'm the best that's ever been
One of my superpowers is the ability to abandon a book or movie halfway through.
I love that term, "evidence-based medicine." You immediately wonder, "What were they doing before?"
Love it when movies show you what it would be like to be someone else. Saw Last Train Home. Great movie about migrant workers in China.
Went to a retro arcade place for a child's b-day party. They had an Atari! I played Combat! That kid's mom didn't have a chance.
Dreamed I went to a fancy restaurant without wearing a shirt. Clearly, I need to start wearing shirts to bed.
They say that you shouldn't worry when coach yells at you--you should worry when coach *stops* yelling at you." #BroadlyApplicable
My son is playing minecraft again. I tell myself it is good for his education.
One of my favorite games is to take an absurd position in an argument and see how long I can defend it. #ReasonsWhyIHaveNoFriends
I wonder if plans are the root of unhappiness. Without plans, you can't be late.
So the alarm clock at my hotel was quite polite. Instead of waking me with a jarring noise, it flashed an unobtrusive light at 7:00 AM.
It's so quaint when clocks aren't connected to the internet and don't know exactly what time it is.
Wife says that driving around my hometown with me reminds her of riding with her grandma. "Played baseball here, got beaten up over there...
I want to be man of leisure in the French countryside.
It's been years, and you still don't know me Pandora? This must be how my old girlfriends felt.
I think a lot of conflicts arise between men and women because women underestimate men's ignorance of social cues.
I was showing the kids my breakdancing moves, and my wife said it looked like I had a neurological condition.
It would be cool if science advanced to the point where we could predict the cost of renting a car before doing so.
Protip: When making a flight to Baltimore, the airport code is BWI. BAL will take you to Turkey.
Weird thing about getting older is you have outdated knowledge. I used to know a lot about Mexico, but I haven't been there since 1997.
I want to live in the Hundred Acre Wood.
My son (age 10) while watching Indiana Jones said, "I keep expecting to see a Wookie somewhere."
Sprinkling unexpected words into your prose can keep it fresh but can also distract the reader. #Trade-offs #Writing
Is that driver texting, or is he just drunk? #RoadtripGames
My car is at that stage where you can't let someone else drive it without detailed instructions. E.g., one does not simply "close the door."
My son has been talking with his friends, and wants to know why some kids get more from the tooth fairy than others. #LifeIsRough
We had a cat that used to eat cantaloupe guts and plant the seeds in the flower beds. #FreshProduce #OrganicFarming
My cat seems to not understand the concept of "working from home."
A great question to ask during a technical interview is "What is your dream technology?" Allows you to see both values and scope of thought.
My co-worker said she had an old monitor. I asked if her screen was amber or green. She had no idea what I was talking about. #GetOffMyLawn
Recently read "Ready Player One." My kids are digital natives, but their kids will be virtual reality natives.
With hard decisions, you should flip a coin, and what you want will be revealed while it's in the air. Should I go to the gym or eat pizza?
Son asked about why they built the Great Wall of China. I told him it was to keep the Mongolians out. Learned that from Southpark.
Recently saw Biutiful. Who are these crazy people who didn't like it? Sad and depressing, sure, but it was real (except for the ghosts).
My son is 10, and I always wonder how he and my ten-year-old self would get along. Internet? Dude, let's play baseball.
I propose time-to-coffee (TTC) as a quantitative measure of airline service. E.g., TTC in first class: 16 minutes. TTC in coach: 43 minutes.
Introductions must be more than summaries of the material---they must grab the reader by both teaching and raising questions. #amwriting
I don't understand why anyone eats Freebird's burritos. They're basically rice wrapped in a tortilla. #CarbsAllTheWayDown
A good 20% of my Google searches begin with "difference between ..."
Me: "You don't really believe in leprechauns, do you?" My son, age 7: "No. But I believe in hillbilly leprechauns."
My daughter, when she was 3, used to refer to her older brothers as "the prisoners" during her tea parties.
I tell my wife that she needs to get on Twitter so she can know what's going on in my life.
Soup stays too hot forever. We need to leverage this property into some kind of broth-based energy infrastructure.
Cab driver asked if I had cash for a $50 fare. What am I, a cocaine dealer?
Hemingway says that you should write drunk and edit sober. Unfortunately, I've got a lot of editing to do.
Recently read The Reluctant Fundamentalist. I'll summarize it for you: My girlfriend doesn't want me; blame America.
I've noticed that the attention my tweets receive is inversely proportional to how profound I think they are.
I awake and wonder when I am going to get out of bed. I realize I'm moving toward the edge and think, "Oh, I guess it's now." #FreeWill
Whenever I fill out an expense report, I always want to put "High tea with a Mr. Newman" as the reason for travel. #Seinfeld
Have you ever suddenly woken up and realized you were a stranger in your own life? No? Me neither.
Italian soda should be called old soda or original soda or custom soda or anything besides Italian soda. Sounds so pretentious, and false.
Stephen King got the following advice on editing when he was first starting out: second draft = first draft - 10% #amediting
With a big bucket of popcorn, it doesn't matter what the movie is. You're happy.
Time leaves a sequence of small transformations. We'd love to go back in time, if only to be jolted by the sum of those changes all at once.
Me: "Won't it be fun to build robots someday with Mommy and Daddy?" My daughter, age 4: "No. They will attack us."
Loved that movie Argo. It felt good to feel good about America, Hollywood, and Canada. #TwoThumbsUp
Quote about never giving up: drink! Quote by Gandhi: drink! #TwitterQuoteDrinkingGame
Love that word "arguably." You can arguably use it to make any claim you want.
Like the gambler's ruin, the business model of insurance companies is to outlast you. One can only call so many times before going insane.
I got an email at work today to which I wanted to reply, "Only a Sith deals in absolutes." #BeenWatchingTooMuchStarWars
8-Year-Old Boy Surprises Marine Dad During Firefight In Afghanistan, HT @TheOnion
I heard my wife yell from downstairs that she was divorcing me. Turns out I misheard. She was "endorsing" me on LinkedIn.
Being professional means being a part in a machine; you suppress your humanity so that you are reliable and can work well with others.
HelloFax actually works pretty well for faxing. I can't believe that people still fax. Might as well have a footman deliver the message.
Remember that game Myst? You just wander around and randomly try things to figure out a pointless riddle. I hated that game.
If you Google "taco" you find out they they have exactly 156 calories. Don't know if all tacos are the same or if Google knows my next taco.
I could go for a free lunch right about now.
I immediately become suspicious of any line of code that says something like "i = 74"
From the mailbox: "Congratulations. Your journey with Honda Financial Services has just begun." I love that. 60 months of congratulations.
I realized this morning that in most situations, the word "puzzled" is a much better choice than "confused."
Funny how when you thank someone in an email, you have to use an exclamation point. Otherwise, it sounds sarcastic. Thanks.
"You just talked to someone on the phone, and that doesn't count." UnitedHealthcare responding to their earlier promise to cover a test.
I love how "sea salt" is a fancy and socially acceptable way of labeling a product as having "big loads of salt."
It's amazing how small your big ideas seem when you write them down.
There are few things more frustrating in life than not being able to find a misplaced object.
My health insurance company can be be counted on to do the right thing...after they have exhausted all other possibilities. #Churchill
You know you've been reading too much Victorian-era literature when you use the phrase "made an enquiry" when emailing a customer.
"Jar Jar? You don't like Jar Jar?" My son, age 10.
I got my first real email from my son today (age 10). Neat to see his writing style and to communicate with him in writing.
Recently watched the movie The Bay. Anyone want to go for a swim?
Love it when colleagues without kids refer to my weekend plans as "relaxing." My weekends are many things, but relaxing is not one of them.
I wish that going to sleep wasn't so much work.
Recently saw 227 on TV. I haven't seen that show in over 25 years, but I still recognize the faces. The human brain is amazing.
Spelling is a lost cause. There's far many more ways to misspell a word than to spell it correctly.
Do they really think that I'm ambitious enough to take my frozen dinner out of the microwave, stir, AND put it back in for two more minutes?
Every time I give my email address to any organization for any reason, I end up on their mailing list. #LawOfNature #UnsubscribeFatigue
The old man the boats. #TakeThatGrammarChecker
It feels like I could quit my job and live on all these random class-action-lawsuit checks I get. Well, maybe not. Each one is for like $4.
It's amazing how cats can change your screen formatting just by walking across the keyboard. They must have some instinct for shortcut keys.
Finally watched Glengarry Glen Ross. Coffee is for closers only.
Just read an article about people wanting wider streets. They changed their mind when told they would have less yard. #InabilityToReason
The thing about cats is they don't care at all when you come back from a long trip. They sniff your bags, and that's about it.
I got nothing to say to you people.
People don't protest much on weekends. Civil unrest happens during the week. HT Scott Miller.
When people interact with others, they act more randomly. When they don't interact, their lives are more regular. HT Daniel Garcia.
It would be funny to make a movie where characters argue using only maxims. Early bird gets the worm! Second mouse gets the cheese!
Love it when you pet cats and they look at your other hand like, "What's wrong with that one?"
You would think there would be a finite number of ways VPN could fail to work. You would be wrong.
I love it when I benefit, but I don't understand why first class gets priority going through security. Seems so ... un-American.
I'm a late-night guy living in a early morning world.
Is that song really playing? I recently watched Silver Linings Playbook. That was pretty good.
Went to Costco for the first time not too long ago. That place is a disaster movie.
In books, characters fall into "a dreamless sleep." I always seem to fall into a mad, anxiety-ridden, psychedelic unconsciousness.
Old memories are best when they sneak up on you, like when you hear a lost Gloria Estefan song from the 1980s.
It's surprising how poor the book recommendation engine in Goodreads is. They just give you books with no indication why you might like them
Everyone was excited about our new minivan except my daughter (age 3). She was afraid that lions will be able to get in through the sunroof.
Once mentioned I was shopping for a new car at a company party. One of my coworkers said, "You seem like a used car kind of guy."
Also dreamed I met The Most Interesting Man in the World at a party, and he recommended that I not wear khaki shorts to meet Queen Elizabeth
Dreamed I played pickup soccer with a new group of people, and the losing team had its eyes sewn shut. Would have tried harder had I known.
Recently watched Star Wars with kids. On VHS. #IThinkTheTrackingIsOff
I love how the fire ant killer I bought comes with a safety seal. You know, to keep people from poisoning it.
I know the difference between it's and its, but my hands don't.
My daughter, age 4, calls a computer a "perchuter." But she gets mad if you call it a perchuter. She says, "No! It's a perchuter!"
We old people have something special. Talked to some girls from Ann Richards high school---they have no memory of a time before the internet
Just moved my yearly physical out two months in the future. Because I am always less busy in the future than I am now.
During last night's sleep I was simultaneously too cold AND too hot. Not alternating; at the same time. Never experienced that before. #sick
I wrote down a guy's name so I wouldn't forget it. But now I can't remember where I put that piece of paper.
A kid, age 8, at soccer practice said he would give me all the money he will make in his entire life if I scored a goal on him. GOALLLLL!!!!
Both the world and our role within it continuously change, so being open to learning new things is probably more important than being smart
When I was younger and had a cold, playing soccer actually made me feel better. That no longer works now that I'm 41.
They say it's no use crying over spilled milk, but when the spilled item is homemade mac-and-cheese, and it's your only lunch, it can't hurt
They say to watch out for the "terrible twos," but at our house, it's always been the "mad threes" that get you. My daughter is now there.
Man, how do people watch TV? You're sitting there all happy, and then suddenly someone tries to sell you something. Over, and over again.
I've set up a standing desk at home, but now I'm faced with the problem of how to eat cereal and relax. I'll ask my son how to work the TV.
What do you do when you are too tired to be productive or even to have fun? 
Babies and toddlers must be profoundly confused when they wake from dreams. What happened to that giant lollipop I had?
They say that we all have the same DNA and are fundamentally the same, but some people tweet that they forget to eat. #ProofByContradiction
A lot of my recurring dreams are like old movies that I don't quite remember. I know how they end, but I don't know how they'll get there.
Why can't we get good disaster movies?
Happiness is executing your plans.
My kids are worried about poisonous snakes and spiders. I tell them that what they should really be afraid of is cars.
The next salesman insisted we sit down before looking at cars. He said you talk to the doctor before he prescribes you medicine. We left.
Went looking for a minivan, and the salesperson laughed in my face when I said we wanted an orange one. Hey man, we can still be hip.
Conference announcement: "Do not leave items unattended." I think we can all agree that that phrase needs to banished from the language.
We all take our rules seriously even when it's silly. I once got yelled at in China for choosing sweet potatoes as my second lunch vegetable
I dislike advertisements because they are trying to hack me. They are trying to control me. Even worse, they are wasting my time.
The beauty of open source is that the machine is laid bare. I always want to understand; too bad my brain capacity is limited.
If you write "Jane Austin", Google Docs recommends a correction to "Austen". If you write "Austin, Texas", it doesn't. Nice.
If I tweet that I'm going to eat at Fogo de Chao, is my health insurance company listening? Asking for a friend.
Amazing how much of our time we spend in fantasy---movies, books, and TV. We live multiple simultaneous narratives.
It's suboptimal that income tax rates for productive work (like being a teacher) and destructive work (like dirtying the air) are the same.
Love it when your plane gets to an airport and you have to circle around. Like they didn't know you were coming.
I like to wear my tweed sport coat to conferences because it makes me feel accomplished, but now it has a hole in the sleeve. That's funny.
People say "by Bob and myself" or "by Bob and I" when I think it really should be "by Bob and me." You wouldn't say "by we." Right?
I love it when movies about ghosts are "based on a true story."
Friend had a 40th birthday party at a cowboy bar. I wore boots. My kids said they understood that b/c they went to a ninja party last week.
The first challenge to publishing conference papers is to do good science. The second challenge is to correctly embed fonts in the PDF.
I have that fingernail injury you get from peeling too many grapefruit. Eating healthy is hard.
I wonder if there is such a thing as patent troll insurance. If not, there should be.
Imagine if scientific papers were written like patent applications. Shudder to think.
Isn't it weird that an actor is "in" a movie but "on" a TV show?
Star Wars came up, and my son's teacher didn't know what a Wookie was. Is there some sort of accreditation board I can report her to?
I propose a radical energy saving device. You know those huge monitors/TVs you see everywhere? What if we converted those to static "signs"?
Joke by my son (age 10): Why did the chicken cross to the left side of the road? Answer: Because Daddy was telling stories on the right.
Just watched The Master. That made no sense. I don't care what you fancy people say.
My mental model is that it takes 5 min to shower, but it's 10 min. Error has persisted for years. Skinner's pigeons learn faster than I do.
The AT&T wireless customer service person kept complaining that I was cutting out. Now, that is funny.
I get money from about 10 class action lawsuits a year. Thank you for that $2.47.
The apocalypse allows us to finally relax and enjoy that vacation we've been meaning to take but couldn't because of our obligations at work
Loved 11/22/63 by Stephen King, but living a dual life in 1958 and 2015 was exhausting.
Cake has no optimal serving size. If I eat a little, I feel bad because I want more. If I eat a lot, I feel bad because I ate a lot.
My wife says I shouldn't walk around the neighborhood while eating a pot full of vegetables.
Interesting how the idea of Klout on topics (I was most influential in "lemonade") has moved from Klout to "endorsements" on LinkedIn.
Tired of conferences in big cities. We need more gatherings at venues only accessible by donkey.
Actually, scratch that. Days where nothing truly bad happens are great days. They allow a new dawn to be a clean reset.
There are days when nothing truly bad happens but everything is unnecessarily difficult. That was yesterday. Today is new dawn.
It should be illegal to have a stupid conversation when you are sitting in front of me on an airplane.
Me: I hate having to check in *exactly* 24 hours in advance on Southwest. My friend: Is that why I'm always last to get on the plane?
We've learned to trust no one. Is this email really a tracking notification for a FedEx package? I'm still waiting on my Nigerian fortune.
Evil Dead was last horror movie I saw. Never seen that kind of movie before. The brain is not meant to process that kind of sensory input.
"I hate when zombies get in my house." My son, age 10, playing Minecraft.
Got a notice saying I need new license plates. I don't understand. Do they wear out?
Love how "bimonthly" can mean both every other month and twice a month. The whole point of the word is to communicate frequency. #worthless
I wonder if the companionship of pets was even more important in the time before TV. Although, with no YouTube, no one would ever know.
Humans are an emergent property of cells.
I love thunderstorms.
Love those "increasing your productivity" articles. I always expect the first recommendation to be "Get off the internet and get to work."
Do you guys hide Easter baskets? To me, hiding those baskets is the natural thing to do. But my wife says I'm crazy. So we don't.
The family was once discussing what to put on my birthday cake, and my son (age 6) said, "Just put a guy asleep on there. Daddy loves naps."
Someday, people will long for the natural simplicity of 2015.
You know it's a great audiobook when you can't wait to get back in your car to go to work.
I start typing "self aw" into the search bar, and Google comes up with "self aware roomba." The anxieties of our age.
Does anyone know how the amount of complexity of a computer operating system compares with that of a biological cell?
It's funny how you can't really proofread an email until after you send it.
I'm headed to Whole Paycheck ... I mean Whole Foods. Anybody need anything?
I love how "Can I help you?" is a polite way of asking "What the hell are you doing here?"
I hate when I have to get up early. That's enough, but my body will often get me up even earlier than that for no good reason.
I should start answering the phone by saying "Ahoy!" Not that I answer the phone anymore. I hate that thing.
Volkswagens go through car batteries like meth addicts go through Mountain Dew.
We appear to be approaching peak socks in my house. The scarcity cuts deeper every week.
I used to go one way to work. But lately, I've been asking Google Maps, and it sends me another way. I'm starting to see its wisdom.
It's funny how a document with no spelling errors looks exactly the same as one with the spell check turned off.
I wish there were one day a week when motorized vehicles were banned. Imagine the peace and quiet.
I worry that I don't work hard enough. I also worry that I don't relax enough. And, of course, I worry that I worry too much.
Mud hole? Slimy? My home this is.
I love reading the reviews for kids movies. "... the archetypes do not resonate as one would expect given the ..." Kids want burp jokes.
There's a raccoon eating acorns in my front yard.
Because of DM spam, I now have no way to tell you that I actually saw a crazy video that you were in.
Me: ". . . because I'm the grownup." My daughter (age 3): "No, Mommy is the grownup."
I received a cold call today from a company offering "black hat facilitation" for government contracts. Do they blackmail decision makers?
Just got an invitation to submit a paper to a conference on "Science and Information." That seems a tad broad.
Read Madame Bovary recently. I miss her shenanigans.
I don't see how people fast. It's only been a few hours for me and its like I'm standing in an office building with the fire alarm going off
You know you are getting old when you see buying a car as a big pain instead of a fun and exciting event.
"Tell my mother, tell my father that I've done the best I can." Funny thing about getting old. I'm now the "father" in pop songs.
I draw the line at internet-connected toothbrushes.
It's pretty crazy when you think about it. Cyber security in a large corporation hinges on each individual not clicking on a bad link.
I can see Daniel to Dan, but what is up with John to Jack? Jack Kennedy? John Kennedy?
I need to learn to take life one day at a time. That would be a great name for a TV show. You could have a single mom, a maintenance guy
You can rate Wikipedia pages as Trustworthy, Objective, Complete, and Well-Written. But the most important aspect is missing: Comprehensible
I wonder if it is a general property of great books that you start out hating them, but they grow on you over time.
Just plugged in a laptop, not because I needed it, but because I felt sorry for it. That little sad blinking low-battery light tugged at me.
I have a sudden urge to say something profound in Latin. But I don't have anything to say, and I don't know Latin.
Scientific papers don't always mention Kim Kardashian, but when they do, they are about social media.
Thought I was doing the right thing buying "olive oil" salad dressing, but those marketing charlatans outsmarted me again. #CanolaOilSucker
I got a noticeable cut on my forehead, and I have no idea where it came from. Maybe I was drugged? The CIA? Aliens? Could have been a cat.
Our printer has evidently discovered that it can do its part to save the planet by randomly deleting print jobs. #RobotConsciousness
I've never been one to see symbolism in books or movies. I like to take fictional stories at face value, as if they were my own experience.
At some point, we passed the threshold of there being more pictures of cats on the Internet than cats in the actual world.
Internal reviewer said she didn't understand my use of the phrase "[xx I name it thus?]" in a technical paper. #IShouldProofreadFirst
Dude was tailgating me in heavy traffic. I pull aside. He speeds by and is immediately pulled over. #sometimesTheManIsOnYourSide
Told my son, age 10, that he can be both athletic and smart. I brought up the idea of a warrior-poet. 
Remember that kid's movie Escape from Planet Earth? One character had the coolest coffee cup ever. It said, "I love safety." I want that.
My wife just asked me if I know how to read Chinese. Clearly, we need to talk more.
The other night my kids stayed up late. They wanted to watch The Lorax instead of going outside to see the stars. #irony
ALWAYS BE SCARED. This message brought to you by your nightly local news.
Warm milk, instant coffee, and hot chocolate mix. That's the stuff.
Like Odysseus being tied to his mast to resist the Siren's songs, I sometimes brush my teeth early so that I will stop eating for the day.
Talking to people is exhausting.
I asked the university not to send me any more 'informational' emails, and I think that they are actually now sending me more out of spite.
Crickets are now my third favorite sound--right behind my kids laughing and wind blowing through the trees.
I love the email complimentary close 'v/r'. It says, "I very respectfully end this letter, but not enough to write it out."
I don't wanna work. I just want to bang on the drums all day.
I hate when I have something on my mind and I can't think on anything else.
Redbox does not let you cancel if you change your mind. It's only a dollar, but they don't seem to understand that little things can be big.
I find signs of security, such as guards and fences, very depressing, and people always want more of it.
Took my son to a high school basketball game. The lady looked at me like I was crazy when I tried to pay with a credit card. #Still1991
Recently watched Looper. I guess the fits that my kids throw aren't so bad after all.
Seems like as soon as one monkey climbs off your back, the next one is standing right there in line.
I see in the rear-view mirror that I'm being tailgated by a huge pickup truck, which, in turn, is tailgated by an even bigger one. #Texas
Some people enjoy parentheticals (their thinking is scattered and they like to make novel associations), and others want a linear story.
Relatedly, I like to take a person I know well and think back to my first impression. Amazing how different they can be.
Photos do a surprisingly bad job at conveying a person's essence. When you meet, you realize the photo points to a person that doesn't exist
I love how my wife refers to Siri as "the lady."
My computer is all confused and needs to be restarted. But I don't want to have to reopen all of these programs.
Love how I have exactly one dollar in my wallet. Not zero, not twenty, one. I never use cash, so it's been that way for a while.
I wish I could find a social media client that had a platitude filter. I will keep looking. You should never let go of your dreams.
It's funny, no matter how late you get home, you can't just go right to bed. You have to wind down first.
I love being an American, but I hate having to put the period inside of the quotation marks when a sentence ends with a single quoted word.
I went to get gas today, and there was a TV attached to the pump blaring CNN. We get a little closer to Idiocracy every day.
Music now in the break room. Two kinds of people: those that crave more stimulation, and those that wish somebody would turn life down.
I love how in Windows if you want to rename a directory you have to restart your computer so it will release the locks.
On Return of the Jedi, the guys destroying the energy shield can't communicate with they guys fighting the Death Star. #Anachronism
The new accessory for full-sized pickup trucks is an extra-wide, chrome tailpipe. It says, "More pollution than can fit in a regular pipe."
Toothpaste is inexhaustible. There's always one more little tube from the dentist or a travel kit around somewhere.
Walking in the woods behind my office and was stopped by a tall fence. Fences kill the spirit. I felt like Truman trying to go to Fiji.
In response to missing files, Dropbox says people should always have a second backup. That's like the police telling me to lock my doors.
Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream may not be good for my health, but it sure is good for my productivity. At least for 27 minutes or so.
My son just asked, do you think that some cats would see better with glasses? I've always wondered what we humans did before glasses.
The problem with the gamification of something is that you have to pay attention to the game. My brain is full.
We've lived in this house for seven years, and we still haven't settled on unambiguous names for the rooms. Which one is the living room?
I want a light tablet with a screen that is 8.5 x 11 inches. Then we could replace some paper around here.
It's amazing how much work it is to relax. You can't just suddenly relax. It takes time.
Work makes life go by too fast.
Someday, future archaeologists will uncover countless credit card offers. For me, it's about one in every five pieces of mail.
Was going to pull up Google Maps, but my son handed me a globe instead. Nice and round and all, but there was no zoom!
How is it that I can intend to type the word "both", think I typed the word "both", and later see that I actually typed the word "book"?
I don't like receipts, so SEARS gave me 4 of them. 1 receipt and 3 coupons with so many exceptions that reading them is out of the question.
It bugs me that fortune cookies no longer contain fortunes. They should be renamed to "life-coach cookies."
The food madness comes to an end tomorrow.
Twitter is an oasis. If you comment on the open web, people reply as if you're an idiot, without reflecting on the irony of the assumption.
If it's "not necessary to dial a 1 when calling this number" can't the phone company just figure it out? Google has spoiled us all.
I once saw an ad from BMW urging people to consume less and to buy a new car. I guess words no longer have meaning.
"Wait until your kids move back home from college." Tide laundry detergent commercial. Wow, this recession thing is real.
Went to get a new tube for my mountain bike. Guy asked which size. Which size? Evidently, a lot has changed since 1992.
Dreamed I was playing Little League Baseball and had drove to the game in a garbage truck. Then I said "wait I'm 41, what am I doing here?"
Am I the only one bothered by noise pollution? It makes me so angry I want to scream. And maybe bang some pots.
With the current ubiquity of tablets and smartphones, kids born today might never learn how to use an old-fashioned OS like Windows 7. Crazy
I'm amazed that we are still held hostage to text messaging fees. Either iMessage on iPhone, or pay big monthly fees, or pay per utterance.
I used to think that lying to my kids about Santa would needlessly confuse them. Now I see it as a valuable lesson in the shades of truth.
I just ate a big chunk of bad, frozen lasagna. The worst of all possible choices.
Funny when you need to email an old acquaintance, and you try to come up with a subject line that will keep it out of their spam filters.
The weird thing about the Lord of the Rings movies is that they all seem to just end. Like they ran out of film or something. #TheHobbit
Got a letter outlining retirement plan options. The Singularity is my retirement plan. Barring that, my plan is to work until I drop.
When they show scientists in movies, they never show them making PowerPoint slides.
Trying to re-frame the experience of lifting weights so it will seem fun. New framing: "working out is Zen meditation." Worked last night.
My son, age 10, got up and was dazedly walking around. Sleepwalking? I approached, and he punched me in the stomach and went back to bed.
Nothing good comes in the mail; let's do away with it.
"encryption unsuccessful" is the Android version of the blue screen of death, except you lose everything.
I went to the kitchen to get a salad and came back with turtle cheesecake.
I wonder if it's about time to retire the "out-of-office" automatic replies. That really doesn't happen anymore.
My youngest son asked me to show him a cursive 'G' in uppercase. I don't remember how to write one.
It's funny, as you get older, it really is better to give than to receive. You get all excited about the presents you buy people.
I love how I use '1/0' to stop my program if it goes down a bad branch. #CodingLikeABoss
I sympathize with his views, but I've had trouble trusting Michael Moore ever since he blamed Dick Clark for the death of that little boy.
Funny. It's always better to have permission than to not have permission, but it's not always better to ask permission than to not.
I remember how Windows XP used to always be so worried about unused desktop icons. It was so cute.
I hate it when explanations are organized around people. I much prefer organizations around ideas. #LookingAtYouPhilosophy #NotAmericanIdol
I want some cake, so I ate a small kettle of green beans under the belief that they are anti-cake.
How cool is that? Some dude in Malaysia googles, "children are curious about their environment" and The Curiosity Cycle comes up #3.
Airline rewards and grocery store rewards are opposites. Airline rewards are rewards (free flights). Grocery store rewards are punishments.
They say that Siddhartha could think, fast, and wait. I'm not much for waiting, and I can't think if I'm hungry. #LongWayToGo
At the time it just seemed normal, but when I hear it now, the grunge music of the early-mid 1990s sounds so dark. No wonder I was moody.
Nice to see that cars are coming out in colors now; blues and oranges. For ten years, they were just shades of gray.
There isn't a word for the kind of packing you do in a hotel to go home. It isn't quite "packing," and it isn't "unpacking" either.
I'm often trapped because I can't bring myself to use a buzzword like "situational awareness," but I also can't think of an alternative.
Writing is like solving a jigsaw puzzle where you first have to determine what the pieces are.
It's funny. Why is being sad unenjoyable? It's not like physical pain, which is more direct.
I gotta say, The Looney Tunes Show on Cartoon Network is pretty funny. The suburban-dwelling Yosemite Sam is particularly well done.
My toolbox is such that you need a screwdriver to get it open.
Me: "Where's that music coming from?" Son: "My toothbrush." Ah, the modern world.
It seems that the quality of a television show is inversely proportional to the attractiveness of the actors.
It's amazing how much better I understand a scientific paper when I take notes on the meaning of notation as I read.
Took a bite of a deep-fried taco shell from Chuy's. I learned exactly how Frodo felt in The Lord of The Rings as I took it to the trash can.
I should probably read the news *before* I get on social media in the morning. Things would make a lot more sense.
This internet thing is just a fad. Someday, we'll look back and laugh.
Teaching my son, age 7, to program in Python. He gets confused between strings and variable names. You can write x = 'bob' but not x = bob.
I can eat canned soup as long as I add enough pepper so I can't taste the canned soup.
Air travel would be less stressful if it were socially acceptable to do Tai Chi while waiting to board the plane.
Coat hangers are very poorly behaved objects.
If you find yourself at DFW, the Pappadeaux at A24 is a veritable oasis from the barbarous activity in the main terminal.
Pro tip: if you want me to use your service by allowing me to sign in with my FB or Twitter account, do not threaten to spam my friends.
I find Red Delicious to be the least delicious of all apples. They are, however, red.
When concerned with trivialities, I often have to remind myself that these are the problems you have when you don't have any problems.
The problem with software you have to buy is that you also have to pay to upgrade. So I end up using Word 2003.
One thing I've learned as a kinder soccer coach is that cold weather makes kids' shoes come untied. #TheMoreYouKnow
"What if an attacker takes over the washing machine and uses it as a platform to launch distributed denial-of service (DoS) attacks?"
The world needs to stop making things that beep at me.
Sometimes the word "busy" means "swamped at the moment," but sometimes it means "I'm more important than you."
My son responding to a request to end his computer game: "I barely got anything done!" It's funny how artificial goals can become real goals
There is often a very large distance between almost done and done.
Weird to me that people compare Google+ with Facebook. I see Google+ as a version of Twitter without the 140 character limit.
Last one in the office. I'm riding a scooter down an empty hall, and I'm suddenly reminded of the Big Wheel scene from The Shining.
It's funny. In negotiations, the first person to specify a number loses, but the first person to establish a number as an anchor wins.
I love how being in the middle of reading a good book adds another dimension to my consciousness, even when I'm not reading.
I haven't had nearly enough Chinese food lately.
I like pictures on slides, but they have to convey information. The presentation appears fluffy if they only set up context or look pretty.
Healthcare in the US is inexplicably expensive. Maybe I don't want Walmart to run a hospital, but I'd go to one run by IKEA.
Cats don't dance.
Hate wearing a belt, but I need to dress fancy for work. I'm waiting for elastic belts to come back in fashion.
Just got a message that said "Jonathan, I'm returning your call about the yellow camper on the highway." I didn't call about a yellow camper
It's funny how you can be "present" in a Zen sense, or you can be "productive" in a work sense, but you can't be both.
Network programming is somehow very satisfying. All of these happy little computers talking to each other.
I generally prefer the quiet sound of crumbling infrastructure to the noise of construction, but I'm told that's not a viable approach.
I can understand nightmares--they teach your brain with simulated danger. But annoying dreams? I was running barefoot on a road with pebbles
I just spent 30 minutes reconstructing a stapler from its component parts after my son dropped it down the stairs. #ReadyForTheApocalypse
After it was too late to fix, I saw a comma splice in my scientific proposal. Now, if it gets rejected, I'll know why.
I just ate a bowl of granola cereal, which, in the absurd universe of calorie consumption, is equivalent to about five chocolate cakes.
Instructions for paper abstracts said that they should be 250 words. I thought this was funny: exactly 250 words? But my first draft had 250
My boys decided to settle a question of fact, whether item x was made of metal or plastic, with a ball throwing contest #UnclearOnTheConcept
I successfully resurrected my wife's old laptop by installing Ubuntu. My work here is done.
My daughter, age 3, kept asking me what time it was today. I guess she had somewhere to be.
Just watched a few minutes of that show Revolution. This is bad TV. Cliche after cliche. And did the disaster only kill ugly people?
It's confusing that the word "oversight" means both an error and the activity of watching something so as to prevent an error.
Need to go to the library but left my wallet at home. I wonder if I can direct the librarian to my Twitter page as a valid form of photo ID.
Often, there's only ten or so decisions that need to be made to finish a document. But you can't seem to hop in, and you sit there in a fog.
I think "Guns and Religion" would be a great name for my son's kinder soccer team. But my wife and city officials probably wouldn't agree.
It's amazing that air travel is so exhausting. You are, after all, just sitting there.
This coffee at this place tastes like tea. I can't tell if it is too fancy for me, or if I am too fancy for it.
Resurrected my wife's old Windows Vista laptop. "Installing update 1 of 77 ..."
30 minutes before my bedtime last night, I decided to install Ubuntu. I am not a smart man. #insomnia #FeelTerribleToday
New game at work: figure out who is walking down the hall by the sound of their footsteps.
Companies should realize that surveys must be short. I'm not going to click on  25 ovals, I just want to say the hotel carpet was dirty.
My wife always argues with the cats. The cat followed her into the bathroom, and I heard, "Do you want a bath or what? What's your problem?"
Surprising how infrequently I can reuse my previous (unpublished) writing. I always seem to want to rewrite ideas when used in a new context
Just saw a guy jogging down our street in a bulletproof vest. Evidently, this neighborhood is more dangerous than I thought.
"I bet in the future, we won't have to waste our time fixing toilets." Me, in 1995.
When tweets are too long to read, it's time to go to bed.
Some days feel squishy: your current work is too small to be useful, and your big ideas are too ill-formed to be practical.
The kitchen at work is currently closed. Luckily, I have a strategic coffee reserve in my office.
Pleasant surprise this morning: I tightened my belt to the next belt hole.
My wife to me: "You are always on that computer. You and that computer should be morphed together." Not a bad idea.
There are 16 digits in my Country Inns & Suites reward ID number. They seem to be preparing for intergalactic expansion. #ThinkBig
Time to regroup as a civilization. We should stop all new development for 6 months and focus on fixing bugs in existing systems.
Just said to my wife, "Yeah, I don't want to watch it either, but it won best picture." We are about to watch The Artist. This is middle age
I just used VPN to access the virtual machine on my remote desktop. It is indeed turtles all the way down.
It's funny that we have words in our language like "art" that nobody can define.
It's amazing how much joy in life comes from making and executing plans.
Just saw a joke image about cats on my timeline. My brain actually generated the idea that I should show the cats the picture. Ah, humans.
I had no idea that buying a mattress would be so far beyond my complexity horizon. The price was fluid and the options were dizzying.
Dreamed I won a bronze medal for swimming. Next dream: walked barefoot through a bad part of town looking for water. First dream preferred.
Overheard at my house, "You two give her those chickens!"
It's amazing how blind we can be with our own work. I needed to cut slides but they all seemed critical. Outside council found some.
Pulled up XEmacs for old time's sake. Used it for 6 years. After two years, it appears I have already forgotten everything.
As I get older, I increasingly find myself identifying with John Goodman's character from The Big Lebowski. I did not see that coming.
Off to a nature walk. My work is right by this park, Emma Long, where the only human-made sounds you hear come from an occasional airplane.
Getting your vocabulary straight is a huge part of getting your thinking straight. Correctness is less important than consistency.
Please conserve bits. If your answer to a question is to "reinstall the software," your suggestion can be safely omitted.
I'm thinking that good writing avoids sentences with distracting, garden-path interpretations such as "The old man the boats."
Always surprised people keep those email ad signatures, such as "Sent from my iPhone." Consider changing to "Sent from my subconscious."
"rhythm" is a long word not to have a real vowel.
Took the kids to the NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston. Actually, kind of depressing. All about the past, not much about the future.
Good comedy consists of statements that are both true and absurd.
Just found a giant oatmeal walnut brown sugar cranberry cookie in the break room. It was like Trainspotting.
The world is its own best documentation.
We got a new cat, and he drank my wife's coffee two days in a row. Now, he's just like the rest of us.
Do people actually sit through 30-second commercials to watch 2-minute news videos? I want to see the bobcat kittens, but there are limits.
Just watched Tyrannosaur. That movie breaks your heart over and over again. Fewer dinosaurs than I expected.
We often write down incomplete thoughts so they are not forgotten. But seeing them on paper makes them seem complete, so we leave them.
Amazing that malls haven't changed in 30 years. Did you know that Bag n' Baggage still exists?
My son, age 7, asked me how computers work. Not sure if I should start with Turing Machines or Maxwell's equations.
Why do peanuts sometimes taste like a baby's dirty diaper smells?
This cloud thing is great, but my writing is spread out all over the place. Now, where did I put that thought again? Twitter? FB? blog?
Interesting. 10-page report is 414 KB, 1-page letter with image of my signature is 1,288 KB. The continuous world is large and rich.
I hate it when you think you have one problem, you solve it, and in doing so discover that there were two problems.
Kickin' it 1970s style. I am desk checking my computer program.
If you Google "cast magic spells" you get a bunch of results as if it were, you know, real --- just like "make layer cake."
I'm hungry, so I eat a bag of carrots. Then I have two problems: I'm hungry and I have a stomach ache.
I'm used to "twenty years ago" meaning the 1970s, but that was twenty years ago.
Just saw a commercial for a McDonald's sugary coffee drink that distinctly reminded me of the heroin injection scenes from Trainspotting.
Scientists are working on curing diseases and understanding the cosmos, but what we need is a guacamole that doesn't turn that ugly color.
Every time I open the refrigerator, I hear this pat pat pat of little feet come running over.
Statistics is a mess. You can't follow recipes because assumptions are never satisfied, and you can't use principles because there are none.
"Page number" is no longer meaningful. We have "page ordinal," 1,2,3,... And we have "page label," i, ..., iv, ...,1,2,3, ..., a1, a2, ...
Whenever I hear that song "Before He Cheats" I think how funny it would be if it was all just a big misunderstanding.
So the siren lights on top of cop cars are now flat. This appeared to happen overnight.
Just examined my computer's memory using FTK Imager. I found Portuguese text in there. I do not speak Portuguese.
After ten years of printing my letters, I've suddenly started writing in cursive again. Weird.
Just watched Young Adult. I loved that it didn't end up where you thought it would.
Sometimes when you are writing and trying to articulate ideas, everything just seems like mush.
I hate controlled areas. I should be able to hang on the ropes at public swimming pools, and my bags are fine by themselves at airports.
Wish the whole world were on UTC time. I'd rather eat lunch at 3am than have to figure out what time that conference call is.
So a guy flashes his headlights at me to warn me of a speed trap up ahead. Funny, who's side are we on? Us bandits vs. the system?
As a rule, I don't read any document that is double spaced.
I hate the mental gymnastics involved in reading scientific notation. If your number is that big, please use a different unit.
Half-inflated mylar balloons always float around the house. I see one out of the corner of my eye and think, "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?"
Darn shame when we run out of skim milk and I have to use the kids' whole milk for my cereal. Darn shame.
Love how Advil is sugar coated. It's like eating Skittles.
Camping in the living room eating S'mores and watching a movie. It's surprising that they don't have more safety railings on the Death Star.
Do kids have imaginary friends anymore? Or does that require the kind of solitude that no longer exists in our wired society?
I'm such a digital immigrant. I think using pen and paper, and then I turn to my computer and type the ideas into a document.
Finally saw Napoleon Dynamite. Love how you can always hear the birds chirping in the background. And the steaks.
Funny how in a dream you can be multiple characters at once. And it is first person but also third person.
Love that old aphorism: you know you've hit middle age when the phone rings on a Saturday night, and you hope it's not for you.
Having coffee with the kids running around reminds me of that line from The Big Lebowski, "Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!"
I've largely cut sugar from my diet this week. Remember that Paul Giamatti movie Cold Souls? Me too.
My kids saw a typewriter today and were blown away. "What IS that thing?" Like it was from an alien world.
Based on my empirical observations of social networks, I conclude that provocative clothing causes young women to send spam follow requests.
The sun burns time.
Only way to stay trim in modern society is to be a fanatic about diet and working out. "Eating right and exercising" seem to be insufficient
Funny, so many songs I heard ad nauseam in the 1980s. They come on Pandora now and I actually listen, and think, "hey, that's pretty good."
Finally watched Dr. Strangelove. Great movie, but the last scene with the character Dr. Strangelove was ... stupid.
Didn't lift my leg high enough and hit my shin on the bed. As I fell on the bed in pain, my leg cramped and I let out a scream. #soccer
Using websites and apps is such a mine field these days. One false move and you unknowingly spam all of your friends.
Darn shame about that coming zombie apocalypse. Good thing I still have the bunker I dug for Y2K.
I finally get the purpose of scribd, but the ads are too distracting and the Facebook login doesn't work today. Clean and simple.
Obtaining signatures wounds the soul.
Just saw Contagion. I thought it was pretty good. I like that it stayed with the big picture. Not as sappy as most disaster movies.
My son (age 10) read part of a proposal I wrote. He asked, "Did you write this?" and then said "Wow, you're more boring than I thought."
Now that I'm older, I can look back on youth culture and see it as a thing. When I was younger, I thought it was life.
In Texas, we have scorpions falling from the air vents. #GoodTimes
It's amazing how loud professional carpet cleaning trucks are. I think I'd prefer it if the neighbors were starting a rock band.
Best quote: As they were leaving the house, my daughter (then 2) said to my youngest son (then 5), "Get your shoes on, boy."
Companies think the cheapest way to handle customer service is offshoring and menu hell. Doesn't occur to them to make their products usable
I'm not particularly unhappy with my appearance, but I find looking in the mirror a little unsettling. Who is that guy?
Amazing how ignorant we are in medical diagnosis. We need a big database of symptoms, tests performed, results, and eventual diagnosis.
Can we all just agree that everyone knows the correlation does not equal causation, and just get on with our lives?
Just saw Take Shelter. Pretty good. I loved the slow, deliberate pacing.
So weird to hear talk about Gen X'ers relating to middle-age stuff. We're supposed to be busy slacking off, not worried about life insurance
I have to be selective about the keyboard shortcuts I learn. My brain has a limited memory for that kind of thing.
Just watched Valhalla Rising. Interesting to see what the world may have looked like before there were so many people.
I just uncircled someone on Google+ for sharing Love Shack by The B-52s. We all need to set minimal standards.
I know that I have been working too hard when I find myself looking forward to mowing the lawn.
I wonder if you can schedule a flash mob through Microsoft Outlook.
My hotel room was like a museum from 1992. Everything was perfect. Even down to the wake up call that never came.
My hotel has the Ramada Inn flag waving out front. Love that. Like we're going to band together and attack the Holiday Inn across the street
I dreamed last night that the US had a nuclear war with China, but China bombed Guatemala instead.
It's funny, I love AI, and I'm excited about the self-driving cars from Google, but I'm not comfortable using cruise control.
It's pretty obvious I have kids. On my desk at work are notes about protocol-based network protection, written in crayon.
Everything in the world should snap together like Legos.
Such a shock going from the digital world of computer science to the analog world of home repair. Nothing fits.
Hate those bags that have to be fastened before you pick them up. Stuff flying everywhere. Skinner's pigeons learn faster than I do.
Reading The Black Swan by Nassim Taleb. Love the discussion of silent evidence. Would be better if the self-aggrandizing fluff was removed.
We live our lives in confining bubbles of homogeneity. I wish my job took me to random people's houses in remote small towns.
You pull weeds in the yard, then later in the shower, you see the weeds when you close your eyes. Just me? Never mind.
They make me change my password so often that I find it's best to tweet it. That way I can at least ask my friends if I forget it.
Yogi Berra would have rocked Twitter.
Having artificial plants is like drinking decaf coffee, it misses the whole point.
Funny how we change but stay the same. In high school I liked midnight bike rides with my walkman, now I like midnight walks with wine.
City keeps sending me these paper surveys on transportation, parks, etc. Results will be biased towards those who remember what stamps are.
Was about to walk to this guy's office and ask him to make a couple of graphs, then I realized I had a coffee cup in my hand. #OfficeSpace
Overheard in my house: "Hey! I thought I said no reading!" Followed shortly thereafter by "I don't want blood in my hair!" Good times.
Young people sometimes read the same books and watch the same movies multiple times. When we get older we stop doing that. Why?
I'm old. To me, the phrase "turn of the century" still means horse and buggy, not dotcom boom.
Restaurant food tastes better the next day. When out, you compare with other menu items, but at home you compare against a cold sandwich.
I walk downstairs to get a class of water, and I end up eating a piece of cake. So hard to judge short-term enjoyment verses long-term cost.
Was about to respond to an email from my wife when I realized it would probably just be easier to walk downstairs.
Compared to the cold and hungry existence lived by our ancestors, our society is almost perfect. I tell myself that when I buy printer ink.
I know I've been working too hard when I get this constant, low-grade headache that spikes every time I try to cram more info into my brain.
Savoring the bouquet of a wine by opening your mouth to let in oxygen is fine, but do the same thing with a mouth full of Doritos ...
Just saw The Muppets. Interesting movie about a small fringe group fighting to keep America dependent on foreign oil.
I love how you can take just about anything, put pineapple on it, and call it Hawaiian.
There seem to be a lot of motivational speakers in the world. Clearly, it isn't working.
Kid to speak tomorrow in front of 500. Not trying to teach him not to be scared, trying to teach him to do what needs to be done regardless.
The cat is on a hunger strike again. He does that when he gets tired of his food.
I just remembered a restaurant from high school that I haven't thought about for years. Amazing when that happens.
Somehow, my fingers type "defiantly" when my brain thinks "definitely." Confusion at work; e.g. "I will defiantly complete this task."
Nothing feels better than getting that monkey off your back. At least for the 5 minutes until you notice the next monkey smiling up at you.
We hear warnings about the dangers of heart disease, car accidents, and cancer. But nobody talks about cats on stairs.
MS Outlook doesn't autocorrect (spell check) the subject line. The most important part. Like they have a monopoly in business email clients.
I was roughhousing with the boys, my wife called my mom and said, "I don't think my kids should play with your kids. Your boy is too wild."
I keep trying to come up with novel applications for robots, and I keep getting stuck. Anyway, I'm off to pull weeds outside.
Somehow, places seem more exciting when you don't have a map.
Cool title for book about cognitive biases, "Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me)". I hear the actual content of the book is good too.
Those Starbucks bottled frappuccinos are like drinking a bottle of Coffee-mate creamer.
A girl in a bikini asked me if I would like to get sexy summer abs in response to my last tweet. I'm glad that somebody is listening.
I'm no Steve Jobs, but I hate when the arms of the chair are too high for the chair to fit under the desk. Hotels are notorious offenders.
Trail mix is amazing stuff. You can consume 14,000 calories and still be hungry.
On the airplane I noticed that I, the computer scientist, was the only one reading from actual dead-tree paper.
You don't realize how much liquid is in a cup of coffee until you spill it on your desk.
Just watched Midnight in Paris. That happened to me once.
Given how important hiding and seeking was for our ancestors, you'd think that my kids would be better at it. 1. No giggling. 2. No peeking.
My son has started using the phrase "it's a win-win." Evidently, the second grade curriculum has changed since my day.
Funny how at work "cleaning up" your desk and "cleaning out" our desk mean very different things.
When discussing a difficulty, my adviser once said, "if you can only do one thing, then do that." I'm going to bed.
When I hear the line " I got debts that no honest man can pay" by Bruce Springsteen, I always assume he is talking about student loans.
I've been moody this week. Reminds me of being a teenager. Not as fun as I remember.
I'd love to be able to say "Pandora, I'm angry at 'the system.' Hook me up."
We should require that all inspirational quotes consider opportunity costs. E.g., "You miss 100% of shots you don't take." You could pass.
Son (age 8) just woke up terrified of werewolves he saw on the History Channel. Spent 20 min trying to explain why TV lies to get viewers.
Amazing how our social connections now largely determine what information we see online.
Making phone calls is now outside my complexity horizon. Do I dial a 1? The area code? Who knows.
I'm not hungry, why am I making a sandwich?
Now that I have a little girl, I really understand the sugar-and-spice-and-everything-nice description. So different from the boys.
When you cut and paste in MS Word, the text gets copied. But so does a lot of mystery formatting, headers, tabs, indentions, lost souls ...
I wish there were a succinct way to tell someone a post made you laugh out loud. The meanings of such phrases always drift.
I don't know why stormtroopers are so funny. But they sure are.
I always get "philanderer" and "philanthropist" confused. Makes for an interesting reading of the news.
I would be a terrible gangster. I don't even know if, how, and under what circumstances once should tip a plumber.
Weird how foods that normally taste good can taste bad in particular ways. Peanuts sometimes taste like dirty diapers smell.
It's the worrying about doing it exactly right that makes taxes so onerous. Simply filling in boxes per my best judgement would be a breeze.
I keep expecting to earn interest in my frequent flyer miles. But it doesn't seem to work that way.
Watched Gangster's Paradise and Animal Kingdom in the same day. That's a lot of crime for one day.
OH "I think people would be surprised to learn that there are bigfoots here in Indiana."
Mom telling story about a cow attacked by a bear. Cow lived. She made a bet with her brother that he couldn't ride the cow out of the barn.
Love it when gmail says "This conversation has been moved to the trash." It always seems like a value judgment.
I don't like marshmallows. And knowing that everyone else does has always made me feel vaguely uncomfortable.
Amazing that we are starting to get smart cars, but we still have dumb traffic lights.
We Americans need to stop putting commas inside the quotation marks. But I'm too chicken to go against the rules. You are our only hope.
Amazing how no one writes in cursive anymore. I'm even starting to forget how.
I have trouble with working lunches. Eating and thinking are mutually exclusive activities.
Motto for the future of information: "If it's not relevant, get it out of my way."
When surfing the web, I might click on an interesting short video. But it can't start with a commercial. That breaks the flow. I move on.
The word "segue" is so weird that if you don't know how to spell it, even Google can't help you.
"Broken Dreams" would be a great name for a breakfast cereal. The hipsters would be all over it.
Watched Through the Wormhole with my son (age 8). Now, instead of monsters in the closet, he's afraid of a tear in the fabric of space.
Saw Ides of March the other day. Pretty good. I loved the quote "You didn't make a mistake---you made a choice."
Similac sent us a box of baby formula samples. Apparently, they know something that I don't.
Felt like a truck ran over me after the soccer game the other day. I'm starting to doubt if I will ever play in the World Cup.
As we move from PCs to tablets and server farms, is it possible that total global computing power could actually go down?
They say that most dreams are bad, and mine are usually stressful, but I do have some amazing dreams about traveling to distant planets.
The word "thing" sounds too colloquial and imprecise, but "ontological entity" sounds like a bit much. You can't win.
Thought about going to work out, then I decided that life's too short to spend time doing things you don't want to do.
The IRS has an online application form, but the online form is only available during certain hours. #UnclearOnTheConcept
Getting annoyed filling out all of these tax forms. Then I think of the wisdom of the immortal Bryan Adams. Ain't no use in complaining when
Went with my daughter to Toys R Us for the first time today. Turns out there's a whole part of the store I'd never seen before.
Annoyed by the car alarm going off outside. Funny how it doesn't even occur to me that it might be, you know, a car in distress.
My computer just made a weird beep. Did I win some sort of prize?
Just created a slide with the title "More data is qualitatively more complex (mo data mo problems)."
Science moves forward by more accurate predictions. Math by new theorems. How does philosophy move forward?
Wow, printers are stubborn. Trust me man, you don't have a paper jam.
Reading American Gods. The characters have such amazing dreams. I dreamed I was followed around the grocery store by a chain-smoking gorilla
Now that's how you get things done! Toss and turn in bed, then jump up and sit down and do it. Too bad I'll feel terrible tomorrow.
Wikipedia should have a flag for "this article is technically correct but useless because it doesn't explain what the thing actually is."
Funny how the squeaky wheel either gets grease or gets nailed down, depending on which culture you are in.
I just watched Mulholland Drive. No comprendo.
Wish me luck. I'm going to try for the fourth time to buy something from Verizon.  It's less work to get a Cambodian tourist visa.
I make my own fun.
When people say they "have no regrets," I always wonder if it's because they are deluding themselves or they just aren't paying attention.
Surprisingly, the search feature on Google docs doesn't work very well. If only they had access to search experts.
I've been in the workforce for 15 years, and I still can't get in the habit of saying "good morning" instead of "hey" or "what's up?"
My wife just sent me an email with the subject "dead bird."
Do you ever make one sandwich and then immediately realize that you should have made two?
I hate when I click on a simple thing in Windows, and it acts like I asked it to solve the halting problem.
Somehow, my wife lives in a world that is 40 degrees colder than the one I live in.
My kid asked me if magic was real. I said no, that magicians just did illusions. He said, "What about Santa?" Oh, yeah, well, there's that.
After having watched many Stars Wars movies with my kids lately, I've decided that R2-D2 is the unsung hero. The AI is strong in him.
It appears that my book has been banned in China. (The Amazon link is blocked, but it sounds cooler to say it was "banned.")
Some say we shouldn't have kids for the sake of the planet, but imagine the result if the most conscientious people didn't have children.
On Amazon, my book is available new from $12.99 and used from $42.45. Ah, decisions.
Doesn't it drive you nuts when your fingers won't type? They hit keys, but all the wrong ones.
I always like Twitter, but reading tweets is even more fun when I have something else I am supposed to be doing.
Explained to the cat that I can't open the window because it's allergy season. He was unsympathetic. Window is now open.
My son, age 8, was stuck in his video game, so he googled it to find the solution. Welcome to the adult world, my boy.
Finally saw Up in the Air. So glad they didn't go for the feel-good ending.
I wonder when wigs for men are going to come back in style.
Que pasa with the weird spacing between letters in Microsoft Word? Do I need to go into autoexec.bat and set BUGS=OFF?
Very depressing when you are looking for a quick way to do something and you find that it is the subject of an entire book.
I hate when I write a note to myself but then later don't remember what the note refers to.
Either someone has come into my office and adjusted my chair, or my muscle memory for how I sit has changed overnight.
I eat soup because it's low carb. But I have to add a lot of crackers to make it enjoyable.
Tricky to find the right level of office gossip to engage in. Contrary to oft-repeated advice, it is not 0; you come off as cold and snooty.
All my kids' toys seem to talk. I just stepped on a car, and it literally said, "Ouch! Not the face!"
Bought a TV at Walmart. They asked if I needed help "out to my truck."  I love how they just assume everyone owns a truck. #Texas
When coding, elegance is beauty, and beauty is good. But sometimes, elegant code is opaque code, and opaque code is bad.
Remember the scene in Disclosure where Michael Douglass was late to work? Just like that today, except my wife wanted the litter box cleaned
Why yes, I do want to be my own boss. I can't believe you just found me out of the blue. You must be my guardian angel.
Timestamps come from actual stamps with clocks on them. Long ago, when you started and ended a call, they stamped a piece of paper #FloCon
I now need a username and password to schedule a haircut appointment.
My milk looks kind of blue. That can't be good, right?
Rules for my son's science fair: no plants or animals, no food, no liquids, no glass, no dirt or soil or gravel or rocks.
No matter how I put a fitted sheet on, it's the wrong way.
Talking about the 6 Star Wars movies with my kids. Terms like "first one" and "last one" result in limitless confusion.
I was feeling a little down, so I had a giant bar of dark chocolate and a cup of coffee of the same color. #FeelingBetterNow
To file a 1099-MISC: 1. IRS mails you form. 2. You mail to recipient. 3. You both mail back to IRS. Might as well put tokens in a clay jar.
I can't decide if this green drink from Jamba Juice is really good or terrible.
Just spent the last hour rebuilding my son's Lego police-state prison-industrial complex headquarters. That set has a lot of pieces.
Weird that German chocolate cake has coconut. Because when I think of Germany, coconuts don't come readily to mind.
Now that I rarely make phone calls, I realize how complicated it is. Dial a 1? Area code? Depends on where you (and the receiver) are.
Weird that Anon doesn't have a Wikipedia entry. I see her quotes everywhere.
Reading The Jungle. Reminds me of when I worked at a peanut butter factory. If a jar came by without a label, my job was to put it aside.
They should make an emoticon for "egg on my face." Something like . . .  (o)--> :(
Machine learning dilemma: the datasets with ground truth are not interesting, and the interesting datasets don't have ground truth.
I love the initial euphoria of having a great new idea. Funny how the joy fades over time as the idea and reality get to know each other.
For picking movies, I've learned that not only must I enjoy it for 2 hours, but I must also enjoy having it in my head for days after.
My stomach is uncomfortably full, but I am still distracted by hunger. What's that story about the guy pushing the rock up the hill?
Companies outsource to save money on customer service. A better solution would be to not send ambiguous, error-ridden letters to customers.
If a person makes lasagna and freezes it, it tastes great. If a company does it, it tastes terrible. What gives? Ingredients? I'd pay more.
Our ancestors were wise. Coffee and donuts truly are a great combination.
I think I'd be uncomfortable having servants, but if I did, I'd like them to peel that white stuff off my orange slices.
I play soccer for my health, but every time I do, I feel like I have been run over by a truck.
Good thing ATMs make those loud beeping noises. That way, thieves can relax in the distance and don't have to trouble themselves to be close
Love it when police put the onus on you to not get robbed. The local police here recommended that we "shop in groups."
Wow! I just got a notice that Ford wants to buy back my car to "fill specific needs" in their inventory. Must be my lucky day.
Hate when companies send vague forms with lots of questions because they are too lazy to customize it to get only the information they need.
Sometimes, even when it is cold and rainy, it's nice to get out of the office and be reminded of the real world out there.
I wish I had a set of books that started from the precise perimeter of my current knowledge.
Seems that the key to teaching someone something is knowing what he or she already knows. That way, you can explain things in familiar terms
When I see lists like "Ten steps to be more productive," I always think the first item should be "Don't waste your time with stupid lists."
It's hard to google how to fix the internet when the internet is down.
Computer programming is like mowing the lawn. I enjoy both activities, but I don't do either unless I have to.
Got spam about getting a medical billing degree. A degree in billing you for a trip to the doctor. There has got to be a better system.
Movies should bring back quicksand. We all need to be reminded of the dangers.
Weird how you use vinegar to clean cat poop off the carpet and also to flavor your salad.
Went to our hometown carnival today. Just like the opening scene from The Notebook. Except we had kids, and I didn't climb on anything.
Some movies don't seem to have enough material to fill up the trailer. Don't know what they do for the other 1 hour and 28 minutes.
Three incorrect passwords, and they lock your account. Clearly, they overestimate us.
In high school, I was lazy when we had to lift weights for soccer. After school, I would go to the gym for real. #stupid.
We need another Manhattan project to develop food packaging that can actually be opened.
It is almost impossible to find Anna Karenina if you have it spelled incorrectly. It is masked by a certain pretty, blond tennis player.
I just had $9-worth of microwave pot roast. "Eat. Not too much. Mostly plants."
Beef pot roast says: "Serving Per Container Varied." Is it 2? 11? 45? Also, each serving has exactly 150 calories.
Going to the store. Anyone need anything?
Just got a wrong-number-call asking for a girl named Shirley. Always reminds me of that old movie Ruthless People.
Sleepy in the mid afternoon. Alert when it is time to go to bed. I wish we had  direct control over the arousal level of our nervous system.
Funny, no matter what time you get home from work, you just can't go right to bed. You need to spend a couple of hours piddling around.
Weird that humans have 4 blood types. It's like getting parts for a car. Seems like there should either be one blood type or a million.
It breaks your heart when you have to take the cat to the vet. The unnatural sounds that come from that carrier ...
I always wonder if fashion/design goes forward or is more of a random walk. If it goes forward, why not just jump ahead 30 years?
If you could take a graphic design like a modern cereal box back in time 30 years, what would people think of it?
What do you do when you are too tired to watch TV?
Been playing Mario Kart with my kids. My brain is limited. Wonder which part has been siphoned off to store the dynamics of flying mushrooms
Wow. You can get a lot done when you don't have to go to work.
Just got done cleaning out my sock drawer. (1) Feels good to get organized. (2) Who says people only post trivial things on Twitter?
OH one cleaning guy saying to another, "I keep throwing up blood." #zombies
Hate it when I'm in bed about to fall asleep and my mind starts chewing on some perceived injustice in the world. Now I'm back on Twitter.
Hate it when you make a good-natured-but-smart-alec comment on a Facebook post and everyone else gets all deep and sentimental.
Love it when a program crashes and Windows brings up the debugger. Yeah, like I want to debug TweetDeck in my spare time.
When a commentator writes something stupid, you want to publicly ridicule the opinion. Ah, but mentioning their name rewards bad behavior.
Always a little hesitant to open the car's sunroof. I have this vague fear that it won't close again.
I love how cats crouch down in the lawn when you walk by. Like it makes them invisible.
If the cloud loses your data, whom do you call? Does Mr. Google have a phone number?
My reversible belt purchased at a New Jersey Walmart 6 years ago is looking pretty ragged.  #LivingTheDream
I'll admit, I have no idea what Wordless Wednesday means.
Anyone know how to graphically make a quote in PowerPoint look like it was torn from a newspaper? I've seen it done with Mac software.
Funny how websites about making your PowerPoint presentations look professional look so amateurish.
Why do people use slideshare? The page is sluggish and cluttered with ads. And they want you to log in to download a document.
gotta go, I have to fix my son's Lego "skull crusher" machine before work. #parenting
Spent Saturday night installing a water softener. I'm living the dream.
My son asked us to get him a "nonfiction" book about Bigfoot at the library.
I always get Oscar de la Hoya and Oscar de la Renta confused. I assume that they are one in the same and they made my sweater.
I love how we have technology beyond our dreams, yet we still seal envelopes with human saliva.
Stratego is great for teaching kids the value of information. You must move to win, but each move also reveals information to the opponent.
I always get Siri confused with Suri.
I'm not a fan of the black, gold, silver, and metal colors for winter clothes. Nothing wrong with a little bright green in January.
Went to the mall today. Weird place with pictures of pretty people everywhere.  It used to be so familiar.
Hate it when you pour milk in the cereal and it hits the spoon and comes flying out.  It happens just infrequently enough so I don't learn.
Well, I explained the concept of "might work, but not worth the risk." One dog chewed the ball and now owns it.
Playing with kids and ball went into neighbors yard with mean dogs. Their plan: throw youngest child over while the rest of us distract them
Aren't we all tired of seeing smiling people in stock photographs in cheap publications? I'd rather see realistic pictures by amateurs.
Why do dogs howl at sirens? The neighborhood dogs go nuts every time a fire truck goes by.
Once you start with the bagels, you got to keep going. Otherwise you crash.
Does CNN really believe that people will sit through a 30 second commercial to watch a 70 second video?
Apparently, by international law, every song written in Spanish must contain at least one use of the word "corazon."
I love how reading a good book colors everyday life experience during the time you are reading it. Right now: Super Sad True Love Story.
Wow. Loud. The fire alarm in this building is the audio equivalent of tear gas. I guess I best be moseying on.
"This sentence is false." Is it true or false? Anyone asking that kind of question should be punched in the face.
Just walked .002 miles in 2.1 minutes and burned 1.7 calories on my way to the fridge.
Was off the grid once in China. You might think being offline would clear my mind and enhance creativity, but I just felt numb and lazy.
There is no excuse for printers to be only black and white. People say color is more expensive. Poppycock. So are color TVs.
I used to wonder how to make food-service employees at airports more friendly. Apparently, the solution was to replace them with kiosks.
Please watch your step as you exit the moving walk.
"Time on your hands." When you think about it, the saying makes no sense at all. Is time, like, some kind of rash?
Maybe vacations are so relaxing because our brains must process the new sights and so they have less time to turn over the usual worries.
It always seemed weird to me that a smile is a signal of goodwill. You are, after all, bearing your teeth.
For some reason, Pandora is really trying to get me into Indian music.
Mute button didn't work on the box loudly squawking ads at the gas pump. Is the world not noisy enough? Those things are evil.
I really hate negativity. It is everywhere, I hear it all day. It's terrible. Nothing can fix it. Just give up.
Constant computer clash: you want to close windows to get the clutter out of the way, but will be work to reopen later. Metaphor in there.
Just finished reading On China by Henry Kissinger. Great book if you are interested in China and/or international diplomacy.
Breaks your heart. The little brother idolizes the older brother, but the older brother is too young to appreciate it.
It's amazing how fast time goes by when you read good fiction.
Whoa, deja vu. I have a theory that deja vu comes from having a forgotten similar memory that gets triggered by the current moment.
I wish there was a way to make brushing my teeth more fun.
I love reading articles on the web about innovation stagnation that were recommended to me by robots.
Ever get a small piece of carrot stuck in your throat? It appears that my current best option is self-surgery.
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are terrible. But peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with toasted bread are awesome.
Was just explaining @klout and how a person's influence is measured relative to the max of 100 held by Justin Bieber. This is our society.
We each remember all the events that we remember, so we all think that our memory is pretty good.
My son: "Daddy, what's the point of soccer?" Me: "To score goals." Him: "But why?" There's no why boy, practice your dribbling.
Amazing how you can just pick kids up when they're sleeping. I'd probably wake up if somebody lifted me over their shoulder at 2 am.
I've noticed that my peanut consumption has increased substantially since I took a job that offers free peanuts.
I am continually surprised at how unhelpful a thesaurus is. Anyone have a good explanation?
The form says, "Employee Name (type):" and I am tempted to put "string" #TooMuchComputers
My wife says I should be careful with my facial expressions out in public. I tell her that reading my face invades my privacy.
In the 1980s, you used to hear stories about lost cats traveling alone across the country to find their owners. Do they not do that anymore?
The cat just knocked a coffee cup off the table. Aren't they supposed to be graceful?
For the longest time, I couldn't figure out how to stop Excel from reading text aloud. Finally did, now I miss it.
Customers need a secure way to communicate with companies without having to log into each individual website. Such a pain.
In Austin, there is some kind of black-hole vortex where Mopac, 290, 71, 360, and Lamar all come together. I get lost every time.
You know, one cool thing about Twitter is that the interface doesn't change more often than it rains.
I love chocolate milk.
Went on the "teacup ride" at Austin's Park. Do not be fooled by the innocent-sounding name. Been over 4 hours, and I still don't feel right.
I just had a chatbot tell me I was boring. Man, those things are stupid. My mom says that I'm fascinating and handsome.
Seems like lately I've been in the situation of having more hammers than problems, which is a problem.
It breaks your heart when you see your own flaws in your children.
Some schools ban cupcakes for birthdays. Other schools pimp their students to sell cookie dough door-to-door to raise funds.
New cities are ugly. It's the deep texture created by continual rebuilding that makes them beautiful. [K. Kelly, What Technology Wants]
There must be a special place in hell for the people who decided you can't skip movie previews on DVD.
Did my mom really send me an email "108 Casseroles, Crockpot Dishes, and Desserts Perfect for Fall" or was her account hacked? Modern life.
My two boys have reached the "Mom, he's repeating me" stage of cognitive development. Not sure where Piaget would put that one.
Fixed 3 leaky faucets today. I have three kids and a job. I guess this is what being an adult feels like.
Remember when a long-distance phone call was kind of a big deal?
As a knowledge worker, I've never understood why people do crossword puzzles. It's like a tow-truck driver towing his own car on the weekend
Which is more complex, a jet airplane or a cucumber? ... [What Technology Wants, Kevin Kelly]
Amazing how black socks change to blue when you take them out of the dresser drawer.
I wish the post office would raise their bulk mailing prices. They could fix their budget problems and I would get fewer credit card offers.
Went shopping at the mall tonight for the first time in years.  Amazing, malls haven't changed at all since I was a teenager.
Office is out of coffee. Luckily, I have emergency backup. Kind of like the strategic petroleum reserve.
There are some thoughts that I can't express in 140 characters. So I don't.  300 chars might be better. Or 10000 characters a month.
Love modern conveniences. Got an email from my bank saying they need me to enter in my acct and ssn. Nice, I don't need to drive down there.
When younger, the soreness in my muscles after playing soccer was kind of cool. It meant I had worked hard. Now the soreness just hurts.
Just saw Limitless. Great movie. But he said doubling your money every day was too slow. Clearly, even with NZT, he was still limited.
The toddler is crying because we won't let her eat a tub of butter.
There are funny consequences to giving your pets human names. My wife told a group of people, "Jimbob threw up everywhere and ran away."
I feel like a horse whenever I eat Cheerios.
Being hungry before going to bed is good b/c it means I didn't eat too much during the day. But it's bad because I'm hungry.
Wow, full-page ad in USA Today indistinguishable from real article. Depressing.
One bummer about getting older is that I've already seen every new movie that comes out.
I have to admit, I have no idea what they mean when people refer to something as "cynical." I'm starting to doubt that they do either.
Pandora just played a song called "For Jonathan." Whoah.
They are putting up a tent outside with a people-lifting machine that goes BEEP BEEP BEEP. A tent. Safety is important, but so is sanity.
Funny how trash TV continues to pollute your mind even after you watch it. You find yourself thinking about the characters and stories.
Speaking of signs, I was completely baffled by "Ped Xing" as a kid. I had no idea what a "ped" was and even less how one would "X."
I love those road signs that tell you to obey road signs.
My sister asked me on the phone last night if I speak Mandarin. Clearly, we need to get together more often.
I haven't seen a cherry tomato in years. It's always those inferior grape tomatoes.
Funny. There is a sound a person is supposed to make if they almost run into someone else. It's a barely audible "wup."
I wish I were as tired at bedtime as I am in the middle of the afternoon.
Soup in the microwave undergoes a phase change. At 1:23 it is ice cold, but it turns to scalding hot at some point before the click of 1:24.
I've decided that age 4 is the golden age for quotes. The kid is old enough to articulate ideas but too young to have reasonable ones.
I love Bailey's and coffee. But I can't drink liquor during the day, and I can't drink coffee at night.
In the world of online banking, it seems kind of meaningless to get an email about a "monthly statement." Oh, I can check my account now!
Wife: "I'm sorry, that was my fault." Son: "I didn't know anything was ever your fault." Mommies are infallible. Like the pope.
My shirt today has a more flared collar than normal. Not sure if "Business Disco" is how you dress for success these days, but I like it.
I just asked my son (age 7) what he was going to do today. He said, "I don't know." How great would it be to live like that again?
When is the last time you called time and temperature? I just tried it, but it didn't work.
Some days, I can only skim the surface and can't seem to dive in and read individual tweets.
I wonder if computers will ever define an ontology that is useful to them but completely alien to us.
Computer understanding: 1. Humans define buckets. 2. Computers process tons of online data and put things in buckets. Shallow, but useful.
online chat with the bank. You wait forever, and then they respond with a stupid question or "thank you for confirming that information."
It reminds me of that time people broke into my apartment, but all they did was vacuum.
While I was out, someone put a copy of "Working Mother" magazine on my desk with a note that read, "Want this?" I am baffled.
Was outside pruning the trees. I felt like a Zen master.
They say that the best place to store coffee is in the body.
Funny how quickly a new place can feel like home. Probably comes from our hunter-gatherer days.
Ever get a headache from trying to cram too much into your head at once? It's like my brain is saying, "OK. Enough. Let me get organized."
Is it me, or is Bill O'Reilly starting to look like Hugh Hefner?
Ever worry that your brain is going to run out of space? I love learning, but I don't want to overwrite previous lessons.
Intelligence is complicated and deep. Our AI systems are simple and shallow. We have a long way to go.
kevin kelly: we realized only recently (200 years) that technology is a thing in itself, building on itself. Before, it was individual art.
I keep buying pyrite but I must be doing something wrong.
I just stepped on a Froot Loop. #LifeWithKids
I hate when my spelling is so bad that spell check doesn't even put the intended word in its list of suggestions.
Making a sandwich, I was reminded of how my grandfather once had a job putting holes in swiss cheese.
So if you really expect the unexpected, then the expected becomes the unexpected, and that makes it expected again. Repeat.
I don't understand why anyone uses scribd. There are so many ads that it makes whatever you have done look ugly.
There should be a tablet PowerPoint where you create slides by drawing with your finger and writing with your pen.
Really do need to clean out my sock drawer. Now I know the predicament of all those girls who turned me down for dates in my younger years.
It appears that there are more days in the work week than I have nice pants. Time to go shopping.
Watched a video on how to fix my lawn mower ... livin' la vida loca.
Ever notice that it is never a good time to run out of staples?
Apparently, ariel images are not the same as aerial images.
A benefit from thinking about the world from a design perspective is that nothing is your fault. Can't work a device? Bad design.
If I had a nickle for every mortgage refinance "opportunity" I received from my mortgage company, I could pay off my mortgage.
Was feeling positive until I started reading the news. I can't tell if things are really going down hill, or if bad news just sells better.
"iTunes. All your Music. All in one place." My brain first read that as "iTunes. All your music belong to us."
I started eating a lot more fruits and vegetables. I don't know if it shows in my waistline, but it sure shows in my credit card bill.
We change with time yet stay the same. I still enjoy a bowl of cereal after soccer. Except now I eat Shredded Wheat instead of Cookie Crisp.
Hays CISD says anyone who wishes to step on any school field at any time must fill out facility usage form. The world has gone mad.
Ever have one of those days where every little thing seems to annoy you? Ah, the fun of being human.
When I was a boy and saw Cool Hand Luke, I thought it was funny. Later, seeing it again as an adult, I thought it was sad.
Just read an article about fire doors. It says they will not alert you to a fire or extinguish a fire. I wonder if they make coffee.
I love when it is so quiet I can hear my footsteps.
I wonder if there is a way I can leverage the power of social media to mow my lawn. Will have to think on that one.
Going to take it slow today. I have a lot of work to do, but I am going to do it slowly, mindfully, and systematically.
I was stressed and so I restarted my computer. It's like I washed my brain clean with meditation. It feels great.
Compared w/ processed food, the taste and quality of fruit is inconsistent. Now, I see that as a plus. Each piece is unique.
Pet peeve: author says he/she wrote about X in year Y, and now we see that it is more true than ever (or that people finally realize it).
Going through old papers. Hard to decide what to keep and what to throw away. There's probably a metaphor in there somewhere.
Someday, we are going to look back and be embarrassed about the number of comic book movies made during this time period.
Twitter and Facebook are just too positive. There should be a social network you can complain too when in low spirits..
Somehow, downloading a book on audible.com costs more than getting the same book on CD at amazon. I don't like shenanigans.
Climbing the stairmaster while watching sporting events is a great combo. Gives me a way to channel nervous energy.
Funny how we love a competition. News articles: 35% iPhone vs. Android, 43% Facebook vs. Google+, 18% Kardashian related, 4% other.
Dusk is definitely my favorite time of day.
When I was a kid it was funny how my mom would buy Nestle Quick but not Strawberry Quick. Strawberry milk offended her sense of decency.
I wish more places were landscaped in the style "apocalypse chic." Keep roadways and sidewalks clear, but let nature go nuts.
I bought the no-sugar-added shredded wheat in my cold, rational state at the store. In my hot, hungry state I add sugar.
They say that exercise makes you feel good, but it sure causes walking around the office to be tiring and painful.
Good thing about getting older is you learn to control your thoughts. You don't waste so much time on useless topics.
Dreamed I was trying to explain Bayesian inference to my children. Then there was a big fire, and then I turned into a mouse.
A spider is attacking a silverfish in my bathtub. Evidently, the spider thinks the tub is his territory. Organic pest control fail.
I remember when my girl first saw the baby toy isle at Target. She couldn't believe it, dolls for as far as the eye could see.
Can't use the word "irony" anymore. As soon as you do, everyone starts checking if it is used correctly, and your original message is lost.
Watching my boys throw themselves around, I hope we have robots drive cars before they turn 16.
I used to wonder what I would do if I were raised in radically different circumstances. But the question made no sense, I wouldn't be "me."
You never realize how much of human language is sexual innuendo until you learn a foreign one and constantly say dirty things on accident.
Wife makes fun of me b/c I can't find things in pantry. I say our eyes saccade---amazing I can find anything. She rolls her eyes.
"Word has lost data due to a bad network connection or a missing floppy." A missing floppy? Somebody needs to update their error messages.
Cheese is weird. When cold, it looks like a health food. But melt it, and it becomes junk food.
What are we going to do when the bots no longer just send you a link, but can give context based on your last few tweets?
Fat-free salad dressing always seems to be missing a core ingredient that I can't quite put my finger on.
I used to go to news sites looking for interesting articles. Now I just go where you guys point me.
Played basketball with the college kids today. Picked up right where I left off 20 years ago. Actually, I didn't play that bad.
I don't wanna work, I just want to bang on the drum all day ...
Dreamed that Rick Perry accidentally knocked down my fence with his pickup. He fixed it but also enclosed my backyard in a concrete dome.
They clean out the office fridge once a month. I swear it feels like every other day. #TimeFliesLikeAnArrow
I know I'm starting to fall asleep when I see random images and think nonsensical thoughts. The problem is noticing those wakes me up.
My boys love the GEICO commercials. GEICO evidently wants a piece of the lucrative tricycle and teddy bear insurance market.
GEICO seems to spend more on TV ads than other insurers. And they say they are 15% cheaper. Where are they cutting?
Just got done working in the yard. We could solve the world's energy problems if we could somehow harness the power of cords to get tangled.
Wrestling with my boys. Good to have a little cave-man time before I go back to work tomorrow.
I just watched 127 Hours with the special lady. Felt kind of bad sitting there with my microwave popcorn and big glass of cold water.
Just saw a commercial for Wipeout. I remember when we used to chuckle with smug superiority at how stupid Japanese games shows were.
This coffee ain't got no taste. Someone is going to get a stern talking-to. ... Okay, I'll just get up and make some more.
There's a fly in my office. He wants to go out the window, but it won't open. I wish I could help. Or squash him.
I wish that cereal manufacturers would spend the extra 4 cents and make the bag openable in a reasonable way.
The car outside my window is blasting smooth jazz on the stereo.  Que?
Kids' chins seem to bust open a lot. Somebody needs to do something about that. #parenting
Products were once only made by anonymous employees at large corporations. But computation brings us back to the age of the artisan.
I wish there were some kind of airport buddy system so you could get up and go get a cup of coffee without having to pack up all your stuff.
I wish my financial/retirement companies would stop sending me mail. With all these unnecessary words, I'm likely to miss important ones.
I need a pen, but there are none on my desk. There is, however, a tree branch. Ah, life with kids.
Ever have one of those days where you want to talk but you don't have anything to say, so you ask some kind of vague question?
I hate reading my own writing. You can't learn anything, and the old things you can find are mistakes.
Ideas are a funny thing. After they form from the fragments in your mind, they seem obvious. Before they form, they don't exist.
Ah, tall glass of ice water. Amazing how we take clean water for granted. You can drink the water you wash your car with.
The great thing about my sister being a physician is that everything she says is "doctor recommended."
Online shopping infinite loop: forget a field and hit "buy", error saying you forgot a field (also randomly clears another field), repeat.
My mom just told me about dandelion wine. She says it tastes terrible and gives you an awful hangover. I'll have to try that sometime.
Fame and fortune await the first person to develop a robot that powers itself by eating fire ants.
I'd rather have cold coffee than burnt coffee.
For change, I just got a nickel from 1946. Think of everywhere that nickel has been.
Funny how nobody tells jokes anymore.
Children used to build either glue or snap-on models. Now, Legos are so detailed that kids build with those instead.
Each child was only one of the millions of possible children on the night of conception. Imagine knowing them all.
I learned a new word yesterday. aliteracy: people who can read but choose not to.
Thunder Road has been playing in my head for the last few days.
You played computer games stored on audio cassette. #vintagegeek
I've always thought that playing slow-pitch softball was like watching TV outside.
Removing malware off my wife's laptop. This feels so old fashioned.
I feel like a member of the secret service when I unload the kids from the car in a parking lot. All clear, Mr. Toddler.
Noticed at a birthday party yesterday that the outside playhouse had a functional A/C unit. I don't even have one in my apartment.
Eggs that aren't fried in bacon grease lack a certain je ne sais quoi.
Once a printer decides that it has a paper jam, it is impossible to convince it otherwise.
I don't normally drink soda, and I'm going to regret this when I go to bed, but for some reason my body really really wants Mountain Dew.
When my kids tease each other, I tell them that we have enough food and they don't have to fight for dominance. They just look at me funny.
If you are awake and hungry, is it okay to eat breakfast six hours early?
When they say that you should make lemonade if life gives you lemons, they never point out that life would also have to give you sugar.
There is a tension in writing. You want to keep going to maintain momentum, but you also need to stop periodically to gain perspective.
Weird that we don't have a national ID card, but to get good prices you have to submit your credentials at the grocery store.
Blacksmiths were the app developers of the middle ages.
You know you've gotten older when someone says something like "think of the history of this place," and you actually do.
Anyone who tells you that you don't need air conditioning in Pittsburgh is a liar.  And, most likely, their pants are on fire.
I like the convenience of getting weather information online, but I miss the hype and context you get by watching your local weather person.
In Pennsylvania, sunscreen is in the "Seasonal" section. In Texas, it's a regular staple just like butter, milk, or tacos.
Dreamed I was a mobster. Spent the whole dream thinking about how to transition to post-mobster life.
I always assumed that my mood and productivity were positively correlated, but I'm starting to suspect that it might not be so.
Bought a pair of shoes at Walgreens last night. The label said they were "more than shoes." I'm still waiting to see what else they do.
It's funny when people talk about a "computer error." Like it added wrong or something.
Love that old cartoon. Husband sees his wife in the living room and says, "There you are, I've been looking for you all over the internet."
One thing about the new email notifications is that you are more exposed to people's real names instead of just the userid and photo.
Imagine how cool a lightsaber would be for someone with a tree trimming service. You would probably need special safety gear.
We live in a hyper-convenient, throwaway society. Yet, somehow, flour and sugar still come packaged ready to be taken on the Chisholm Trail.
Started my day with the Google search "safe to eat moldy bread?"
I bet that primitive people used to just sit around and tell stories about monsters. Anyway, I'm off to the movies.
Whole world is wrong. To me, "fish or cut bait" means to do something directly productive (e.g. fish) or prepare for later (e.g. cut bait).
Just went for a workout, and, wow, that's exactly what I needed. Now trying to remember why I care about all these symbols on my screen.
Worries are just like a stack of plates. Only one is visible at once, and when you remove it, the next one immediately appears.
When it comes to apocalypses, I prefer those with a more technical flavor, like the singularity or peak oil.
Just saw Black Swan. Man, that was stressful. I need to relax, maybe watch a movie or something.
I remember the first time I got a spam email in 1999. I was so angry I replied back with a stern lecture that such things were unacceptable.
Seems that shorter papers would be easier to read, but when math is involved it's the opposite. Too many unexplained jumps.
I like how before my kids learn to read, I can refer to them as "illiterate."
One thing about researching artificial intelligence is that it gives you a deep appreciation for how smart humans are.
My inbox now has 0 messages. It feels good to get organized.
A child's ability to resist eating a cookie for 15 min so he or she can later receive a greater reward is correlated with life success.
People in private planes or helicopters should have to pay me $5 every time they fly over while I'm enjoying nature.
It's weird how music makes everything more exciting like movies, tech videos, parties. It must tap into some deep, social part of the brain.
I wonder why we raise our kids on movies with clear good guys and bad guys, when for the most part, the real world is just people
Funny how the saying "kill two birds with one stone" suddenly seems cruel if you replace "stone" with "rock."
Why is pi in the normal distribution? Google stumbles on a question like this.
It's funny how everyone on the internet just assumes that everyone else is ignorant until they prove otherwise.
Crazy how traffic lights can now know if you disobey their orders and automatically give you a ticket.
We always think we know it all. When my son was 3, my wife taught him something. My son paused and said, "Okay, do I know everything now?"
Amazing that people used to carry around a severed foot of a rabbit for "good luck." Clearly, it didn't do the rabbit much good.
I wonder, does Twitter use go down in the summer when it is nice outside?
Video games are designed to exploit our psychological desire for "Flow."  You feel like you are actually achieving something.
Seems trivial websites often have the most onerous security protocols. Email me password, change it, change it monthly ...
Facebook suggested that I be friends with someone who recently died. Weird.
Like the 140 char limit, but it sure is hard to have a meaningful conversation, especially when people don't already know how you think.
Amazing how bad library searches are. Can't easily sort by type, thrown by the word "The," and a monkey could give better keyword results.
Email, chat, tweets, FB, all these things can be integrated seamlessly into our day.   But a phone call is like a fire alarm.
I love how a good book becomes part of your mental life forever.
When you proofread your own writing, it is unsatisfying, it no longer seems novel. You have to fall back on the memory to see it through.
They say that Mom and Pop stores are great, but when I arrived neither Mom nor Pop was there, so I went to Giant Eagle.
Has anyone else noticed that automatic language translation finally seems to work?  Crazy.
Unfair: when young, you must take a nap and you can't buy candy. When older, you can't take a nap and you can afford candy but can't eat it.
I don't understand why, as a society, we put up with leaf blowers.  I'll take peace and quiet over tidiness any day.
Advertising on websites is necessary. But don't they understand that ads with distracting movement make the site unusable?
Amazing how friends dress alike. There are two people wearing all neon in this airport. They are traveling together.
Needed: a rule book for statistics in science. If case x, run program a, b, or c with parameters i, j, and k. Report l, m, and n.
Seems counterproductive to comment on how wrong something is and then retweet it. No need to propagate useless messages further.
According to toddlers, a cat's tail was made for pulling. The perfect Gibsonian affordance.
Gas costs about $3 a gallon. Starbucks coffee costs about $50 a gallon.
Confusion is ignorance leaving the brain.  -- Kate Nowak
I want to read a prequel to The Road. What happened between the time the man filled the bathtub and he and the boy set out.
People talk about the Terrible Twos. But it's the Mad Threes that get you. Also, the Barbarian Fours and the Savage Fives.
The default for "paste" should be to match the style of the surrounding text in the document.
Remember remembering: I no longer recall the actual event, but I have a memory of recalling it, and that memory now serves as the original.
Memory is funny. I have old memories that I no longer remember, but that I remember remembering.
The studios should make all individual scenes (e.g. < 2 min) linkable so we can use them to make good/funny points.  Perfect advertising.
If you were wondering at what age boys stop using the term "play date" and instead call it "hanging out," it's 7.
Funny how we can't actively enjoy the absence of pain. It only seems like we will when we are in pain.
Amazing how kids practice actions. At age 2, my boy would go up the step, down the step. Repeat. He loved it, drove me nuts.
Hotmail has this huge ad of someone jumping up and down. Crazy annoying. A popup says you can get rid of it by `"upgrading." #extortion
It amazes me that all these websites want my mailing address. Do they plan on sending me correspondence? Dear Sir, ...
With location tracking on your phone, you can't go to McDonald's if your wife wants you to eat better. And you can't turn it off.
I wasn't going to eat those fried noodles, but if you put them in front of me. The dude abides.
Gomer Pyle rocks. He is above our silly madness.
Dreamed I was annoyed with the world. Woke up and was still annoyed. Took me a while to realize it was a dream and the day will be good.
Philosophy would be more relevant if we talked less about the people behind the ideas and more about the ideas themselves.
If you were to ask people in 1991 to guess a topic big in the news 20 years later, they probably wouldn't say "pirate attacks"
I just saw a spam comment at the bottom of an article about reCaptchas (those codes you have to type in to prove you are human).
Ah human brain. I have to do things in the order in which I am likely to forget them, not in the most convenient order.
When I sit down and articulate a sequence of ideas, I find that I can replace whole paragraphs that now just seem like stuff.
There are only a finite number of possible digital images. Each iPhone picture you take is one of (256 * 256 * 256)^5,000,000
Life tip: turns out your phone only charges if the charger is actually plugged in.
I wonder when we are going to reverse this trend of not being able to open windows in offices. It's hot in here and the heat is on.
Fam friend to son (3): Want to come to my house by yourself sometime and play with Payton? Son: No. Friend: Why not? Son: I can't drive.
OH: kids were driving me crazy arguing about the size of the Easter bunny, I said she's big, they said how do u know, I said cause it is me
With cuts in public schools, I worry that concerned parents will take their children out, and schools will suffer even more.
Interesting, I just read a study that argues that more opportunity in life leads to more regret.  Always kind of felt this was true.
Weird how people drink ginger ale on airplanes but seemingly nowhere else.
My son playing a video game in a battle he couldn't win. I told him to run away. He yelled "never give up!" He was killed. #lifelesson
It's funny. For humans, the day starts when we get up in the morning. But for computers, the day starts at 12am.
Wrestling with my children makes me feel like a caveman. It taps into some kind of primal joy.
My son at age 4: "This orange juice doesn't taste organic." Ah, the modern world.
If cars drove themselves, we wouldn't need loud sirens on police cars and fire engines. Just send out a WiFi for your car to move.
When did the price of a box of breakfast cereal jump to $7? Wow.
I coach kindergarten soccer. My standard April fools day joke is to email the parents about having two-a-day practices.
HT @TheOnion: 5-Year-Old Critics Agree: Movie "Cars" Only Gets Better After 40th Viewing
I need to attend some kind of coffee pouring tutorial. It always runs down the side of the pot.
Amazing that anyone still puts up with commercials on the radio. At least TV commercials have pretty things to look at.
Memory is funny. I have old memories that I no longer remember, but that I remember remembering.
Trying to get back to work. It's hard now that the machine we use for work and the machine we use for fun are the same machine.
Once told my 3-year-old son that flowers are our friends. My son: no they're not. Flowers don't have faces.
Amazing that traffic lights are still dumb. You sit there when no one is coming. Think of all the oil we could save.
The mind is a mad monkey.  And Twitter doesn't help.
My son's new car seat has a cup holder.  We get a little closer to WALL-E every year.
It has always bothered me that we need keys to unlock doors. It seems like all doors should always be open.
People don't tell jokes anymore. Amazing what can go in and out of fashion.
When writing, I am constantly trying to make what I say more specific. More information per line, more real.
Forgot to bring my lunch. Solution: RFID on lunch, RFID on bag, reader on door. Alarm if lunch not in bag at door.
Want evidence of intelligent machines? Captchas are now too hard for me.
Rugby makes no sense to me. I suspect that there actually are no rules, that it is all just an elaborate hoax.
No red underline means the word is spelled correctly, or the text box has no spell checker, or you wrote the wrong word.
If I were rich, I'd write this book in a coffee shop drinking cappuccino instead of at home drinking Folgers.
The recommended age for rear-facing seats is increasing faster than my children are aging.
Funny how a new place makes you more in the moment.  Your mind processes the new sights and has fewer cycles for normal silliness.
Why do babies always want the new and exciting things they are not supposed to have?
Baby algorithm: 1. Acquire new object  2. Can I eat it?  3. GOTO 1
Me: "Look at those beautiful, new green leaves."  My son (7): "Yeah, blah, blah."
Suggested to the boys that we go leprechaun hunting tomorrow. But they claim not to believe in their existence. Ah, the ignorance of youth.
After spending time on Twitter, Facebook seems so static and slow. Status update from 20min ago--you call that recent?
Dreams are for learning from simulated experience. Dreams show us new places. But why do our dreams also alter familiar places?
Funny, pictures of nature don't substitute for real nature, they just make me a little sad that I'm not there.
It would be nice to be able to cite videos in some permanent place.  Things disappear on YouTube.
When writing, you accumulate frayed ends, realize a big idea is missing, articulate the idea and all frayed ends are cleaned up.  Continue.
My son (7) wants to go to my future brother-in-law's bachelor party.  He said to my wife "But Mom, I'm not married."  #unclearontheconcept
I don't like the idea of flying cars.  We have enough noise and eyesores on the ground.  Why can't it just be all quiet?
Pretty funny when Domino's Pizza in Colorado started following me.  But now they are gone.  Was I not stimulating enough? #timetorethink
Inception, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, What Dreams May Come, all feel similar.  All good.
Pattern: 1. good, profitable product. 2. over time, cut corners to up profit. 3. no longer good, profitable product.  E.g. Dell, Dominos
The iTunes terms and conditions is 56 pages on the iPhone. Do you agree?
When you arrive at a place you hadn't been to in a long time, your memories are of when you first got there, not when you last left.
You want to set mini-deadlines to maintain productivity, but when you do that you end up just doing shoddy work to make the deadline.
Mathematicians drive me nuts.  They publish a whole book on something like category theory, but never say what it's for.
Nobody?  I thought for sure gsexylove would know.
Who said that the best way to understand a person's experience different from your own is to read a story narrated from that point of view?
With augmented reality, we could get rid of most signs altogether. Situationally aware glasses could tell you everything you need to know.
I sowed up my pants, and they are now good as new.  #recessionchic
My son (7) wants to know why he can't have a credit card.
The greeter at Walmart said "good job" because all of my loose items were accounted for. Who says you never get positive feedback anymore?
My son now wants a robot that can fly.  He wants it to be able to swoop down from the air and pick up the cat.
My son and I are building Lego robots.  He wants a robot to chase the cat up the stairs.  I'll have to manage his expectations.
Ate at Chili's the other day.  Only in America would we consider hamburgers to be a possible appetizer.
I've read that I should start digging a bunker for the coming of peak oil, but since I'm lazy I'll probably just use the one I dug for Y2K.
Waiting for my experiments to finish.
